three two what Cameron Haines ladies and
gentlemen hey what's up nice shirt buddy
that's a ridiculous shirt that's you and
me in Utah and it says must be nice yeah
cuz yeah you know everybody says they
look at somebody and they'll be like man
must be nice to whatever to be able to
have that or yeah yeah able to go there
yeah yeah so it's like you know we
obviously have a great alkyne I see a
couple of comments and it's like people
saying must be nice which it is it's
amazing but yeah I think you read too
many comments so I'm saying I think you
reason ask you what do you think I
really said that I think you did you
never catch me reading them the deer
you mentioned comments before - I catch
them if if they're in the top and I'm
gonna comment the other day and it said
I always know that was because my wife
sent it to me it was hilarious oh yeah
that was after the video of you and I
were celebrating and there you go I love
this man I'm like I love this man yeah
and someone said I always wondered what
it looked look like if Cameron Haynes
and Joe Rogan had a baby and we almost
found out that was a good one every once
a while you get a gym yeah the internet
is filled with funny fucking people men
like there's a lot of Larry frustrated
comedians out there there is that get
express themselves occasionally in
comments yeah because isn't in like I
sometimes answer because I feel like I'm
let off the hook a little bit cuz it's
not like I'm making a post calling
somebody a dipshit but I can say in a
comment and it kind of sneaks through
but why do you want to or just be funny
yes you're so busy that's what I don't
understand how do you have the time the
full time job I mean it's normal that
you run a marathon in a day so how the
fuck do you have the time to be
commenting I don't know well well like
waiting out here right now on the plane
I don't know times of boredom I guess
yeah yeah it's all good a man I know a
lot of people that read their comments
you know and smart P Eric Weinstein was
making an argument that you probably
should read some of them that there's
like and you know he's a genius he was
saying
you don't want to cut off completely
from from feedback so you have to find
that sweet spot between reading some and
yeah I mean like I feel like other
people read them I'll get them though
they'll come to me yeah yeah now the
good ones people share with you yeah or
yeah but I know some people who go crazy
they read their comments and then they
become obsessed and they read them all
day long and then they go and they have
these little Twitter wars people back
and forth yeah and they they just argue
all the time yeah they're sometimes or I
mean like I posted a couple times
yesterday and I don't think I don't
think I read any till maybe this morning
you know or just so I was like I don't
post and then just like totally check
him yeah every second you know refresh
refresh but but every now and then is
something nice like I saw this dude that
we were talking about in the last
podcast I reached out to him he lost how
much weight did that guy lose Jamie 227
teen and 190 side I sent him a DM I'm
like I'm saying this guy yeah that's
fucking amazing it is it's amazing you
do see people because you know like when
you reach okay you're you're gonna reach
millions of people there's gonna be a
few dip shits but there's also going to
be a few like that or it's just like oh
my god this is I mean how impactful is
that that's like it affects your life ya
know yeah because it's so positive well
one of the things that you do online I
think it's super important is you
provide inspiration you know we were
talking yesterday when I have to code a
Meyer on we were talking about Goggins
and Jocko and you do the same thing it's
like you provide something where people
they could see you working hard and see
you smiling and and getting after it and
it makes people want to do things and
when they know that you're doing these
hundred mile races and all this crazy
shit that you do they it gives them like
that's just enough of a push to get off
the couch yeah and get going and
sometimes that's all someone needs to
change their whole life you need a day a
good day a good day where you get moving
and you get your legs pumping and you
you know you get huffing and puffing and
you get your heart rate up and you sweat
and then afterwards you feel great and
you go okay tomorrow I'm gonna do it
again yeah and the next thing you know
you got fifteen days in a row and the
next thing you know you're down ten
pounds that's right next thing you know
you're cutting off
boos and you're eating good and now
you're you're joining a gym and you're
starting to do chin-ups and shit and
you're getting in shape and you look way
better and you feel better you make
better choices your life move smoother
it's yeah I mean it's it builds that
momentum and it you know the journey of
a thousand miles begins with one step
and that one step is one day or maybe
the first first step on your first run
but you know I see that all the time too
because I genuinely enjoy working hard
and so I am smiling and and it's like
people say okay enough enough I mean
I've been watching you for whatever I'm
gonna do it yeah and so it's like I
don't know if you beat them into
submission finally but whatever the case
is
whatever reach for whatever reason
people get out there they do and then it
starts that journey like like you said
towards a different life essentially I
joke around about it on stage about
accidentally influencing dudes and I
apologize to the girlfriends but there
is a certain amount of responsibility
that you have to assume when that starts
happening when you do have a positive
impact on people you realize like hey
you know this this show having people
like you and Jocko and Andy stump and
all kinds of interesting fascinating
people on directly influences people's
lives for the better and changes the way
they view things for the better
gives them a positive outlook and it
also gives them an opportunity to hear
from people the way people think that
maybe they would never get to meet these
people in real life right they would
never get to know these people but they
feel like they know you have them or who
you know that's the one thing I love
about Jocko too is you know just the
shot of his watch every day I mean you
know he's up at 4:30 and he's getting it
done you know no excuses no none yeah
and he's done and that's I think that
accountability is probably
accountability for him but also it's
like the people know okay hey this is
what we need to expect of ourselves yeah
someone a guy said I don't like
following Jocko cos all it does is take
pictures of his watch I'm like you're
missing the point
and yeah that's a new picture yeah it's
a new picture every guy
day of a new day with his fucking watch
getting up and getting after it then
afterwards a puddle of sweat in the
ground yeah he's doing it every day yeah
yeah and that's impressed for you it's a
it's like and that was I'd never met him
until our our elk on Utah
and man people ask hey so how was Jocko
and I'm like exactly like what I mean
how what he says and how he portrays
himself
that's how are you that's how he is and
he's like you know they had that day
they were expecting a long day of blood
trailing or just covering miles in the
mountains and he's like he couldn't wait
yeah I was looking forward to it
couldn't wait three plates of meat loaf
he did he carved load I mean he's like
hey I'm gonna need these but ya big ol
their own plates of food but he said and
I remember this specifically he said
what sucks is when it doesn't suck mmm
he wants the challenge yeah if something
without a challenge is like what's the
point
yeah he's turned his mind into this like
challenge seeking missile yeah yeah yeah
well that's why I love the fact that he
you know at 45 years of age or 46
whatever is decided to get into bow
hunting hardcore and a year in he's
taking on his crazy elk hunt I know in
Utah I mean it's awesome I was amazed
it's awesome I love when people are not
scared to take on new challenges you
know like something that's completely
outside the wheelhouse like when he
started shooting and he got together
with Dudley and Dudley started giving
him some instruction
I got pumped because I knew I'm like
this guy's gonna dive into this
headfirst right you know yeah it's that
discipline I think guys like you and him
it's it's just easy transition cuz
you've had that like and I always say
this bow honey's done this for me it
gave me discipline or structure when I
didn't have any you know I think you
know jiu-jitsu did that for you too at
that or it wasn't jiu-jitsu then
Taekwondo started boxing a lot of
different martial arts but yeah so it's
a saint it's different but it's the same
type of discipline for young I mean I
guess it was young for us but it's a
it's a transition to people who to have
that mindset and they like know that I'm
gonna have to punch this time clock
every day
for a while before I get to a high level
yeah and it's just like that a certain
type of personality or people don't they
don't shy away from that they like or
gret they gravitate towards it well it's
also being able to pull it together in
the moment which to me I've always
sought challenges where the like it
requires you to maintain your mental
state mhmmm like whether it's stand-up
comedy or fighting and to me archery
might be the ultimate bow hunting is the
ultimate because in these moments where
like that bowl is going to be in between
those two trees for five seconds I know
and you got to draw back and make that
shot these are crazy moments that you
have to you have to have practiced you
have to put in the time there's no
substitution it's I don't think people
who haven't done it realized how
difficult it is and then I think people
who've done it they definitely know how
hard it is and that is one of the as you
mentioned one of the hardest things to
do but that's why that that's why that
video of you and Utah 67 yards and it
was just like we had been in on bulls
like had opportunity with the moment the
beginning in the morning it was a rock
house it was right today but these
opportunities were like right there or
you could almost grab them and they
would they were gone and it didn't
happen and in that one just enough time
but he's like you had to do it all you
know that like the clock's ticking like
it's not you don't know you don't have
unlimited time that bull takes a step
yeah it's over yep and for you to make
that shot so perfect in crunch time that
was such a beautiful thing he's like
that's why it elicited the orgy type
response well that's also why I said
afterwards the practice is so important
that's always thinking yeah that's what
you said that's it you said practice
something about practice and it's like
that's what it goes down so that's the
building block yeah and it's just those
reps because you can't I guess you could
get make a lucky shot but the chances of
screwing that up are very high unless
you got the reps yeah my thought process
when I was making that shot was
exactly the thought process that I go
through when I'm practicing and that's
why and when I executed and I saw that
arrow hit exactly where I was aiming
beautiful it was I was that's the first
thought that came into my mind practice
it's so important well and then I was
impressed because you actually made
notes to yourself oh yeah on your phone
yeah so what
tell me walk me through your your your
procedure your process have I even added
to it oh you did yeah because there's a
certain way I like to grip the the
release that I didn't put in yeah so
back straight strong posture drawback
elbow high light pressure on the nose
Center the peep level the bubble now
this is the new one that I added connect
the fuck you finger to the thumb because
is this finger yeah as to connect to the
thermal release as I pull back yeah
because I use that silver back release
yeah I pull back with the index trigger
pick a spot pull with the scapula and
then the last one be the arrow right you
know we're talking that what is that
Warren so what does that mean Remmy
Warren said well REM the whole thing no
no the arrow like B I'm not not hoping
yeah that it hits in that spot I'm
aiming I'm good I want I'm concentrating
100% on that arrow going to that spot
yeah Remmy Warren said that to me one
time he goes he goes this sounds crazy
but someone gave me this advice and it's
like the best advice anybody ever gave
me said be the arrow yeah he goes like I
don't know what that means but like I am
I don't know different things to
different people yeah but to you it
means yeah you're in you're so in the
moment yes you're the arrow I'm a
hundred percent foot when that arrows
released I am a part of it as it's going
towards that out right the arrow like
don't just oh I hope it works like I got
that from Joel Turner as well you know
Joel Turner has that shot IQ website
yeah and he goes over and he helped me a
lot because he goes over the difference
between a closed loop and an open loop
process I always forget which one is
which but one of them is automatic you
know like like a ball comes at you swing
a bat you can't stop in the process and
the other one is you're in control of it
every step
the way and that's where a shot routine
helps me because you think I'm thinking
I'm making sure that all my things are
checked off so there's no there's no
chance I'm doing anything wacky right
there's no chance you're spazzing out in
the moment yeah
and so that those two things and then
what Remy said be the arrow like that
sounds like to someone who's never shot
an arrow that doesn't make any sense but
when there's a thing that you do when
you release an arrow where you're so
focused your technique is on point
everything's everything's lined up but
you're so focused as you're releasing
that you never break that focus right
the only thing the only way I could
break it was when I heard that our walk
and I saw it hit right in the sweet spot
I was like now I can relax yeah you know
and I remember and I said this at that
time but I remember your follow-through
it was just like so I remember that arm
coming back and is just I don't know
it's you know and I think that's where a
lot of people make mistakes is if you're
new in it and there's so much pressure
in the moment in that moment you've
thought about it for so long that it's
just like the pin goes on the animal and
they punch the trigger yeah because they
wanted they wanted they want to be there
before they've went through the process
yeah and so that's where people screw up
and all that whole thing you making that
a actual process each step but I think I
don't know do you do it or is it
subconscious you know do you think about
all those steps I was thinking about all
those steps while I was walking okay
while I'm going through the woods I'm
thinking about those I don't know shot
I'm just kinda matica subconscious but
that's why I said practice is so
important yeah this is like I'd
practiced it so many times that I just
looked at that elk like it was a target
yeah
I knew what to do and just but it was
only because of the wraps wraps right
wraps wraps wraps that moment was so
crazy because you know we had that bull
I don't know if his that ball but as a
big bowl but we were stuck over more to
the left and we could see him up there
he had these little smaller satellite
bowls kind of in the way we were in the
Sun which
driving me crazy so he ended up having a
circle all the way back around and get
back up there had a line of spruce we
could sneak up but uh it was you know
those bulls the bull you shot went and
fought with another bull for a brief
time and we were switching back and
forth which one is shoot cuz they're
both big bulls and it's just like just
to be able to slow that down and make
such a perfect shot in a moment like
that oh my god is so hard it was so
awesome so that yeah it was so amazing
but it's so hard oh this is the this is
it yeah
he just got done fighting with a bowl so
he runs I can't see it in this film he
runs up this Ridge right here and boom
he's down right there I mean couple
seconds late but this is everything that
you hope for as a bow hunter yeah you
know it was a mitt and I see a lot of
people who haven't hunted they ant
they're under the impression that maybe
as soon as you the arrow hits the animal
how come he didn't go down right what I
mean because they just don't know so
that bull was alive
four seconds after that essentially he
ran up probably went about a hundred
yards
he ran until there's no more air he's
his broth of his lungs were gone right
right sprinted he'd never knew what
happened he probably thought he got
jabbed by another bull or something yeah
is no idea he was just fighting with
that other yeah and they they have take
tines to the shoulder and everything he
had holes all the time riled up yeah but
they you know a lot of times Bulls get
shot with an arrow and they don't even
realize it you know all of a sudden
their blood pressure drops because
they're because it's him urging and then
they essentially pass out but then they
die
well the bull that I shot last year in
California that's what happened to him
he walked four yards yeah just walked
four yards and tipped over boom and he
dropped right there I mean it was the
closest to shooting an animal where he
died that I've never seen yes died
immediately right in the heart
yeah and I think it's a you know people
may might be more familiar with rifle
kills and maybe they think that they but
even with a rifle they don't go right
down and I think it's like a rifle is
even
can be you know they hear the sound a
rifle will kill by shock instead of
hemorrhage so it's you know shits
getting blown apart I think a
well-placed arrow is about as beautiful
death as an animal's gonna get yeah I
mean these aren't animals that are
living in a controlled environment were
they're gonna die of old age they're
gonna get torn apart by animals and in
fact John Dudley while he was there was
20 yards away from a mountain lion that
was stalking the same bull he was right
which is do you see that lion for the
die put up yeah there's lions all over
there
although chances are it's gonna be death
by a lion or and that usually will
happen once they get weak because they
can't fend off they get injured maybe
they're too old to get the feed they
need the winter and then their lion food
and they also get jacked because they're
there blowing out all their energy while
they're in the rut yeah and they don't
eat there just humping up a storm and
then when it's over there's like oh
Jesus yeah the winter comes oh I know
some perfect storm heals yeah it's rough
it's a rough life out there but that's
why I say it's like death by a
well-placed arrow is you know people say
well people have the impression that
these things aren't going to die ever
or they're gonna live like we live or
well they also don't understand that all
the money that's spent on this elk hunt
all of it goes to ensure the healthy
populations of these animals yeah most
of it most of it goes to wildlife
preservation it goes to keeping the the
habitat strong the numbers strong and
this is what pays for what if people
love animals you should love hunters
because hunters pay for most of the
wildlife conservation in this country
yeah you know and that message is of
course that's you know we've talked
about that numerous times but that
message is is getting out the the
groomer today that I had she she was a
groomer her dog Marshall goes to a group
right yeah so similar but she does a
hunt but she wants to hunt because she
wants to be you know self-sufficient
especially but she was talking about she
does
no but she knows that doesn't hunting
pay for protection of the animals and
you're not my you know explain what you
just said and so it's people are
figuring it out you know I mean we're
getting the message out so that's good
yeah I mean this there's so many
different messages that you hear stats
you know about meat consumption and food
and like what's bad for the environment
what's good for the environment is
there's so many like small little sound
bites that people like to rally off yeah
and that's this is something that's this
without a doubt it's the best way you
could ever get your meat yeah there's
nothing even close it's not even a close
second no it's the best way these the
animals by the time you get into in the
rut they're already breeding never in
the ones we're getting there's you know
eight nine years old they've already had
multiple breeding season yeah in their
prime yeah their genes are passed on
yeah and you're getting an animal that's
just out there eating grass and living a
wild life it's meat so good oh it's the
best me never I had it last night
it's very sensational it's so good I've
been eating all week yeah yeah that's
why I feel you know I got into hunting I
don't know if me was up on the high on
the list I was just a young kid just
wanted to hunt I wanna get my buck hey
you get your buck that's all I wanted to
do is get my buck and then but now the
meat is man it's it's as much as the
antlers for sure yeah you know just
getting that meat hundreds of pounds of
meat bringing it home eating it fuels us
for everything we do and it's like to me
I mean at our age we're the same age now
but not long ago our age was old we were
dead yeah I don't I don't feel I feel
better than I've ever felt and I'm just
like if I was 25 I didn't feel as good
as I feel right now and maybe that's
wildgame me guarantee would have
something to do with it I guarantee you
and don't how I mean how do you feel
feel fucking fantastic Beauty to out a
heart run this morning right before my
podcast yeah yeah man I think it's the
most nutrient-dense food that you can
ever get yeah I mean you just look at it
when you
looking at like a back strap from an elk
it's like a dark red it looks like it's
filled with nutrition it tastes so good
like when you're eating it
I feel like energy yeah you know I get
it's it's hard to describe it yes it's
just a way better meat it's just way
better I was watching I took video of
Colton pulling out the Tenderloin of
your bone because people don't
understand how you can get without
getting it you can get the tenderloins
out which are under the spine and that
when he pulls that out it's just like I
mean if I mean if a sound bite could it
came in or something in dessert is like
Beautiful's like there should have been
doves flying around because that piece
of meat looked so perfect and it's just
like like you say when you eat it it's
like I don't know it's like energy
injection well they've done Studies on
game meat versus domestic beef they've
also done Studies on domestic beef
that's raised on grain versus domestic
beef that's raised on grass domestic
beet that's raised on grain is probably
like the least nutritious and then
domestic beef that's raised on grass as
far superior much healthier but then you
go with wild game meat yeah I mean it's
another hundred percent more nutritious
it's way more protein like the
difference between a piece of beef and a
piece of book
pull up the difference between like a 1
pound of beef versus 1 pound of elk I
think it's more than double the amount
of protein really yeah and then there's
also our insane amounts of amino acids
and and essential fatty acids like oh
you're getting all the the grass-fed
these this animals eating wild grasses
yeah this this animals even the same
diet would have eaten 4000 years ago
yeah it's a I remember when I used to
hunt elk in the ego cap wilderness I
remember I used to think those elk were
like high-octane like because they were
so fast compared to the Bulls I hunted
over on Western Oregon and I always
thought that it was just that that feed
must be I don't know just seemed like
the elk were different and quicker and
so I'm thinking well if I'm eating those
bowls and those bowls are elite athletes
for bowls it's like this can't I mean
there's got to be a maze
there's got to be a seam for me well it
makes sense cuz the evil cap wilderness
is like rich dense forests yeah right
it's so greening up there yeah it's it's
they call it the little Alps I mean
that's it's rugged and it's it's steep
its but there is good feet up there too
for the animals yeah
man those Bulls there they're studs
amazing yeah they are yeah it's rough
country though yeah it's rough country I
mean that's where they live you know
what's interesting is before people came
around elk were like Prairie animals
yeah they were right next to the
mountains because of humans yeah and
then wolves and all these other animals
mm-hmm but when the Pioneers first came
here there's Elks were just roaming the
fields yeah which is kind of crazy yeah
that is yeah
but they wised up look we got to make it
harder on these assholes they they got
into the to the rocks for sure up in the
mounds what do you got Jamie I don't
know varying information that's about
websites so yeah they're varying
information anyway super good for you
yeah it's bad for anything it's just no
yeah well that's the thing about you
know there's there's like not one
standard website what's good for
nutrition and figuring out what this
stuff is but yeah I know you can you can
pretty much have anything validated you
want validation on the on the Internet
well you know it's interesting I was
listening to Rinella talk recently about
this horrendous trip that they had in
the backcountry because there were so
many hunters during a muzzleloader and
archery see this year yeah in Colorado
yeah and I wonder like I wonder how much
us talking about it all the time is
affecting the numbers of people that
actually go out and try it because you
just stop and think about the the
numbers of people listening to this
podcast
it's a bananas number yeah millions and
millions of people
well the feedback I see is like there's
you know and they say because I just had
this this talk with my buddy Wayne
indica you know Wayne yeah I was out of
his place shooting the other day and you
know it says we've lost since 2016 too
licensed hunters and I told him I said I
don't know where we lost him from but
bowhunting has got it because he owns
the bow rack mm-hmm and bow bow hunting
is skyrocketing because I see I'm you
know I see the the following and people
talking about like you mentioned and he
said he was in Colorado to looking for
elk and ran in like ten different guys
back there yeah so yeah there is
yeah I don't really I think people are
looking at it more as like a pursuit
like a difficult pursuit not just
hunting none for me
no it's different now yeah it's like
it's yeah it's changed yeah I wonder if
that's because of us talking about it
it's had to have some sort of an
imminent I think it's I think it's had
an impact for sure and then I'm it so
I'm trying to think I don't want to you
know but then on the other hand so in
the ego cap wilderness my buddy was back
there and said he said you need to come
back here and hunt again and I'm like
yeah I know I you know the thing with
with the wilderness is you I as a
commercial that if you do a commercial
activity you can't even share the photos
because they won't give a permit for it
I had to quit filming back there
they made it illegal to film and release
it as a commercial property
well even me with my following now I
couldn't even put up a photo from back
there so as it would be commercial just
commercially of sponsors yet in there
they're making it seem like you're back
there shooting a full-length feature
film you know it's like they don't
differentiate between your iphone
shooting a movie or an iphone and so so
like what we shot it in Utah you
couldn't have done now wow that's not in
the wilderness not in the National
Forest yeah wilderness they won't allow
filming permits hmm so but anyway he
said I go I go man I said I've got so
many good elk hunts on tap I said I'd
you know he knows I love that country
and he goes well he was just for for old
times sake he goes because I'm looking
up a 3/16 a340 bull screaming elk
everywhere and not
truck at the trailhead Wow so but it's a
long way back it's rugged country so I
think I mean there's still their spots
yeah there's still spots that are gonna
be hard to get to right yeah those are
the spots that discourage people where
you know that you're gonna have to hike
in 12 miles and then you have to get the
animal out so if you're hiking in and
you're off horse you know it's a places
that are off horse pack trails that
don't get the attention because you have
to if you kill a bull it's coming out on
your back yeah that's a bunch of trips
that's a lot of jobs if you're going 12
miles out or even if you have to pack it
to a to a where horses can get it's a
lot of work well Greentree when you shot
his bull and when he was on that crazy
28 day hunt didn't it take him like
seven days yeah by himself on that back
yeah something like sound went up and
helped him but still I mean tons of work
but he had snow I think and he was like
9 or 10 miles in right something like
that yeah so he's walking out nine or
ten miles with a hundred plus pounds
yeah on his back each trip it's a lot of
work yeah it's amazing I mean you know
how much work it is bring down a bowl
because yeah because we've done it but
then you go from there to okay now I
gotta walk it out ten miles then you got
to preserve the meat so you gotta hang
it make sure it's getting cool and I
mean that my friend Ryan Callahan shot a
bull he got a tag in New Mexico and he
wrote a whole article about it because
he lost that oh I read that very
disheartening yeah it was huge bull yeah
that was I thought was a nice six point
it was yeah he was uh yeah I mean it's
real and I mean I think it's important
to share those honest experiences but
also it's like man you don't want people
who don't get it to get the wrong
impression yeah it's always the right
right right with a wounded animal in
particular right yeah I'm you see an
animal get and he even mentioned that in
the article he said he realizes about
the nuts I don't know about the
what people might think about down the
stigma time just stigma yeah that's you
know and he I mean I don't know it was I
think he shoots with a stick bow to
which is really weird he shoots with a
longbow did he yeah he shot that bowl
with that he shot his last bowl with a
longbow I think that's what he hunts
with you know yeah I think well yeah you
know I get it people like doing that I
get it but like come on man it's hard
it's hard and people ask me about that
oh pardon what are you gonna do that and
I'm like God I I'm not that good as a
compound bow so I don't really I'm not
really ready to make it harder well our
friend Aaron Schneider he's completely
committed to a recurve it's all he
shoots with I just saw him the other day
like a post yesterday I think and he had
a compound oh did he yeah maybe was
given up on it no I don't think he's
given up I was back and forth yeah maybe
maybe was just practicing unless there's
somebody else's Bob I don't know but he
is a crazy video of him shooting a
mountain goat with a compound yeah you
see that no no with a recurve I was a
recurve here yeah yeah he was on top of
a cliff and shot down I know that was
pretty sweet it was pretty sweet you
know it's amazing video and I think he
said he hurt his shoulder bike before he
didn't know if he's gonna be able to
shoot it with a bow
oh really yeah because he had done
something to his shoulder so I think I
read it's like he was gonna have to get
try to do half draw or so know as far
back as he could get and he ended up
hitting it through the heart what was
that for shoulders that fucked up I
guess so I don't know what happened
that's the one thing that freaks me out
about you how do you not get injured as
much as you do like I just don't
understand how you don't get injured
kind of weirds me out weird you yeah
yeah because as much as you lift weights
as much as you're one I'm like waiting
for you to get injured I'm always
getting injured are you rooting for me
to get injured ever so you're lever am I
good no I'm like time crazy
I'm stunned I'll make you you're made
out of something different cuz you all
the running that you do and all the
weightlifting you do especially because
you do high reps mm-hmm you don't always
reps wraps wraps wraps wraps um like no
tendonitis nothing nope everything's
fine like what the fuck well part of it
is I'm not gonna ever say on her
so I mean I heard I mean I'm you know
I'm not y'all sore but not injured yeah
I don't say I'm injured but I it's not
sore but I mean I remember the one time
we had to go to the Vegas where I was
going to get a stem-cell shot you have
rydym agreed check out one of your feet
yeah yeah your foot was kind of fucked
up yeah I mean who do you have a stress
fracture
yeah and I get you know you can't you
just can't do that and not get there's
gonna be some repercussions to get on
for to put on all the smiles but I just
that's just part of the part of the deal
so I just worked through it just you
know I'm never gonna you know I mean
even my wife today because it's like
haven't been sleeping then I had that
whole thing this morning with GQ and
then this and she's and then out
whatever she's like well how are you
feeling I said I have no choice but to
feel 100% I said so that's all I'm
focusing on so that's how I do I mean I
don't even if I'm down or don't feel
good or haven't got sleep or I'm hobbled
I'm only thinking about I'm a hundred
percent I don't have to I can't I don't
I can't afford to think about oh maybe I
shouldn't do this or maybe I'm not gonna
be as good as I could be a just don't
even think about it
that's ridicu don't get one of these
whoops drops it'll tell you listen why
what does that sleep oh yeah I'll tell
you you need to recover I tell you I
could not play I could not sleep last
night because I was thinking about that
whole thing today then trying I was
thinking god what if that goes long and
then traffic you know traffic in LA then
I'm late getting over here so you got
all these that's the least thing to
worry about this is I know here I'm
still thinking about it yeah
so instead of keeps you up really yeah
stupid shit like that's stupid yeah
that's but that's firstworldproblems oh
my god I have a GQ shoot today yeah what
if what if it runs late and I can't do
the podcast until 3:00 yeah I know
could you imagine crazy I know see now
you know what real struggle is the real
struggle yeah yeah I don't have any real
struggle anymore my my struggles are all
fake
God you have to manufacture yeah I make
my own bullshit that struggles yeah
workouts and and
and training and all that shit yeah but
like I always say because like so I
could be a must be nice guy so who knows
I'm still punched in time clock 9 to 5
yeah that's what's ridiculous so I'm
like oh must be nice to be Joe Rogan it
is nice
attire it's like sweet but what I always
like to tell people because I some I was
argue notice why I was arguing with some
somebody on somewhere but God where was
it anyways about the alkyne like you oh
yeah yeah I want to see you and Joe do a
public land
Elkind Joe's gotta earn his way or
whatever I'm like I said I'm like trust
me Joe's earned where he's at
I mean what because because you have a
different version of earn it in this one
one small aspect of life hunting
I said Joe's earned his whole everything
he has so it's like all the way for so
it's like people who say must be nice to
be you
holy shit you've been through the fire
for years decades and you're reaping the
rewards
yeah but they don't see that I know
that's irritating yeah it doesn't bother
me what bothers me I understand what
they say when people say like public
land is harder it is harder but here's
the problem with that you're dealing
with a pressured animal I don't want to
deal with pressured animals I know that
you deal I know it's harder it's harder
to have success in public land but I
don't think it's better because dealing
with all those people that are going
after the same animals and those act
like like we're now I was talking about
elk that were silently bugling mm-hmm
like they're opening up their mouths and
they're not bugling because they don't
want to get called to yeah I don't want
to get chased down because they're so
fucking pressured and wolves have yeah
have the help don't call around wolves
the other because the wolves come yeah
so it like what I found is because I've
done it you know I public I was only on
public land for 20 years you know and I
couldn't afford anything else so I
haven't found that that that killing an
elk is any easier or harder it's just
they're bigger because they're older
yeah so I can still I've always killed
bulls but they
they're gonna be like a three-year-old
bull a five-point right now I'm gonna
kill a ten-year-old bowl it's still a
bowl but it's just different they just
on public land there's not as many that
are getting to that age class because
every other hunter out there is gonna
shoot the first bull they see right so
yeah that's the difference it's not the
hunting doesn't seem harder or easier to
me or different it's still killing a
bull with an arrow but just that that
size when you go to private land you
have more opportunities as more animals
but to me they're acting wild they're
acting like wild animals because they're
not pressured because there's not that
many people out there so it's rare that
they encounter people and you know and
when you're in a place like we were at
which is 270,000 acres in Utah they're
all just living in the mountains like
they've been living in the mountains for
thousands of years that's to me it's a
pure experience and I know it's not
available to everybody and I know you
have to pay money to do it and I get
that I get that it's not available to
the average working man I get it but
it's definitely harder to do public land
without doubt mm-hmm but I don't think
it's as good the reason why I don't
think it's as good because those animals
are acting like animals that are being
hunted all the time they're pressured
I've been I've on been on public land
hunts I get the difference and it's
definitely more satisfying when you're
successful because it's more difficult
and I know how people can take pride in
that but I think a lot of the pride
they're taking in it they're taking the
because they don't have the option like
if you could say to these people that
are talking shit like you say hey would
you like a free hunt at the Deseret in
Utah maybe like yeah of course they
would say yes they didn't want to
experience what we experienced that day
which was a pure wild rut fest pure wild
experience where these animals just
going off I mean we're deep deep deep
into the mountains they're by themselves
they're all bedded down up there there's
a hot cow and they're all going crazy
and fighting each other mean just the
sounds that we were hearing was so epic
that video that you got of us walking is
here all day yeah all day they were
going off is it amazing we hit the
perfect spot that best spot that
day that time yeah that was it and I've
I've I've been in rough fast on public
land you know I mean they that's how
they act and that's in the wilderness
deep where they're not getting so it's
like you always I've always looked for
places my whole career hunting career
where the animal I'm not I'm not
competing against Tom Dick and Harry and
elk right you know so to me that was
always like well the way I can do that
is go further than anybody wants to go
so I'd go to the wilderness to hunt
those so it's essentially that without
having to go 12 miles deep right right
right
you know and it's it's those elk are
they're acting natural and you know I've
been on the other side though to I get
what the guys are saying I get it when I
couldn't hunt my goal has always been to
go on the best outcomes I could right
sometimes that was instead of hunting
the Oregon Coast that was going to
Eastern Oregon then I went from Eastern
Oregon to Wyoming I'm like oh my god
this is so much better than Oregon it
was better then I went from wyoming to
colorado colorado that's right
Eastman's had me going in 2005 i killed
seven by six in wyoming then they said
the next year and that was will public
land hunt day nine and then it's like
hey 2005 we want to film you on this on
and I'm like well if it's better than
Wyoming I'll go to Colorado that's what
I'm trying to do I'm trying to get a
better hunt and so it's just been that
and so now it's been the places that I
go I spend my month of September they're
the very best places I can find in the
United States and it's just an extension
of that process thirty years ago right
that's it that's all anybody's trying to
do yeah you don't you don't try to go on
worse outcomes some people do that I
don't even really like never did mmm
some people just love the grind
yeah man writes I get the grind but it's
still I did only gonna worse el canto
but they want the bragging rights of
public land but they'll definitely take
a public land limited entry draw tag
yeah
which is essentially like being on a
private land yes nobody can hunt there
no and that's what like back home it's
the winnow hot unit they give twenty tax
20 20 and it's a higher state huge huge
area this is one area it's a people
apply for it as well yeah that I I don't
think they get Oregon's terrible for
out-of-state for non-residents but I
know residents get 20 so huge area 20
tags that's not that much different than
paying a landowner to have this area for
yourself right so I put in for winnow ha
if I you know if I draw it I'm hunting
there it's it's kind of the same thing I
I understand where people are coming
from and whenever someone's got
something that you can't afford you get
that must be honest yeah yeah yeah I I
just the the problem that I have with it
is that the animals when they're
pressured they're not acting natural and
you're dealing with too many people it
definitely gives you better bragging
rights right if you should Alliant Bowl
on public land it's like wow that's
another level of accomplishment that's a
big deal you know that's that's the real
grind like what we're doing is what I'm
doing first of all is the easiest way to
the to the to the road because I've got
some of my best friends are the best
hunters on earth I mean having you as a
great friend and Dudley and being able
to take instruction from you guys and
learning how to had a bow hunting like
just having you that day with me first
of all what a wake up call about
endurance Here I am fucking running
hills every goddamn day trying to keep
up with you is such a fucking bummer man
it's still like it's such it's so
annoying Jamie he gets to the top of the
hill he's not even out of breath I'm
soaked with sweat
I'm heaving in home and I'm like what if
I didn't run like what if I wasn't doing
all this goddamn hill running well that
that one little burst we had because the
wind to get the wind ride and that Bowl
coming over I didn't know if the bull is
coming that was it kind of was a hustle
it was a hustle we had to straight up
out of it straight up
thank God I do that all the time yeah
yeah
you gotta yeah and you did and that's
that's that's bow hunting is like tomato
be able to think you're gonna make an
accurate shot after pushing yourself
like ass that's rough
you very rough that's what I think
people need to understand about like the
reason why you conditioned yourself and
I know you've taken a lot of shit from
lazy hunters that think it's unnecessary
to what to work out as hard as you do
come with us bitch yeah come with us
come that day just do what we did that
day yeah dammit as much as I run I was
still struggling to keep up yeah it's
fucking hard it is and then the whole
thing is your whether or not you can
recover so even though you're heaving
and joven you know he even in even in
Hoenn before we say heave-ho
you're fucking heaving yes you're
gasping for air at the top your heart
rate drops down if you're in shape yeah
even though you've done the sprint
within a minute everything's dropping
back down and then you're cool again the
babies can make the shot the biggest
thing I see is not only that recovery
but making good decisions yeah because
it's still hunting but II still have to
outwit so what happens is when people
get gassed they take shortcuts you know
they get gas from going up the hill hard
trying to get this and then they're like
god do I really have to circle around
and keep the wind right right right
maybe I can just get away with here so
it's like you take shortcuts and you
can't take shortcuts so the more
fatigued you are the more inclined you
are to take shortcuts the better shape
you are you're gonna do it right and
you're gonna make make good decisions
the first Bowl that we got into in the
early morning that bull was that was
like 52 yards and I was at full draw and
he caught a whiff of us yeah and he was
right he was walking right into the path
yeah right into the path he would have
been broadside I mean that would have
been 17 yards closer than the boys shot
or close to it
yeah and he just fucked this pure one
who's gone yeah yeah that wind will get
you their sense of smell and their their
their understanding of their environment
is so humbling yeah it's so amazing to
watch them like peek their head up and
catch your wind for a second then just
start running oh I know and you see I
thought I don't know you see him and
they like kind of they'll
put their nose up don't be like what is
that yeah yeah smoke alone spice yeah I
did want to say one thing about the
whole must be nice type thing is I don't
a big pet peeve of mine is not so much
the public and private and and all that
but it's just like hunters are small
group anyway why the hell are we trying
to rip each other apart
judge cannibalize the small group which
we're fighting for our space in this
world anyway right come on I mean like
when I say you know I was defending at
one time you and jock oh I think maybe
is on Andy's page but whatever most
Bruno's yeah it's like guys they're
fucking out hunting celebrating our
lifestyle because they'll be like well I
don't have problem with you because you
you've been doing it for 30 years I'm
like who cares they're hunters they're
talking about it they're doing it this
is a win a win what are we doing I mean
cuz you cuz they haven't been out there
for 30 years and couldn't afford an elk
tag it's they shouldn't do it they I
mean come on yes people get
short-sighted and selfish yeah that's it
that's but that's in comedy that's in
everything man that's in everything
there's always gonna be people to think
that way but comedy is not something
that that the public can vote out the
publican wrote out hunting right so we
start cannibalizing ourselves that's not
true I mean you know we could I'm not
gonna say we got some momentum going now
but we could lose it yeah it's possible
there's enough people that are ignorant
to what hunting really is yeah and
enough people that actually eat meat
that are ignorant to what help exactly I
mean it's like 96% of people ready meat
but I think if we explain what how
hunting were sand and but we have to
have all hunters on that same page
supporting each other my wife was at
dinner was with some friends and one of
her friends husbands was asking where
what I do and she said well he's
actually on an elk hunt right now
and the guy was eating a steak and he
goes well that's abhorrent
he's eating a stea and she's laughing at
him because you're eating a steak yeah
do you understand that you're eating a
steak it's crazy and he you know he's
from England then this can all like over
there they don't hunt was they get super
confused and Ricky no
I was a Ricky with your face it's not
Ricky has no problem with people hunting
for food yeah he has a problem with
trophy hunting yeah and I think it also
has a distorted understanding what that
is but people also lump it all on
together yes they do so especially over
in Europe I mean in you know under
whatever but it's a psyche so that's
where I say let's just first of all list
for all hunters be on the same team we
should certainly should be yes and then
get that message out correctly
that's all I've tried to do but one of
the things that I try to do as much as
possible is put those images of my
cooking yeah you know like look look at
that fucking wild dark meat that I'm
cooking and I'm eating all the time all
the goddamn time well and what I also
try to do too and I put one up today and
I think and I think you could even speak
to this because we shared that emotion
with your bull but there is you know
I've said it before and maybe some
hunters think I'm full of shit or or I
don't know I don't know overemphasizing
but the feeling of I'm not happy when I
kill I mean the killing of the animal is
not in like fun so I know an animals
dying I've worked very hard to make that
shot like you made the shot but then
when we got to the animal and there were
some he was done but it takes a while
for the life together he was still
moving a little bit and I shot him a
second time while he was I mean he was
dead he was but he was gasping for air
and the correct thing to do is to give
him another shot but that moment was
heavy yeah it's heavy it's heavy it's
heavy
and you know at the end we all took our
hats off and we we all like we praised
him and we said like a little prayer
when all the hunters
got together we all said you know thank
you thank you to the elk we all took our
hats off and bowed our heads and the
guides took some of the grasses that
these elk eat and they've been doing
this as a tradition they rolled it up
into like a bundle like a meal and they
placed it on the remnants of the carcass
mmm
sort of like let the Bulls last me yeah
like thank you a sign of that and yeah
but even before that when we just
approached your bull it was I mean it it
was intense and real and it wasn't I
mean it wasn't happy something up it was
like it's happy when you make the shot
it is but people don't understand that
that's because it's a relief because
it's so it's there's so much tension and
it's so different worked so hard to do
that yeah to make that we talked about
what it takes to make that shot I would
like two people to experience that
because it's so hard to put into words
to be into that moment and to be that
person that draws that bow back and
makes that shot yeah it's so hard to put
that into words no I don't even think
the video does it justice it's so hard
for a person on the outside to get it I
know you'll you do have to be there and
you have to watch an animal die and it's
I don't know I mean it's a heavy moment
but so when I put up that like me with
my bowl and my hand on it
that's not contrived that's real that's
real I'm I feel real emotion and I
respect and honor and love the journey
of that hunt and the fact I took the
animal's life is part of it but that
doesn't it's not lost on the fact that I
know I took it and it means it's that's
a big deal yeah yeah I mean we did that
to the elk as he was passing to say
anything mm-hmm
and I think about it every time I eat it
yeah you know and that's I think that's
the special bond hunters have with their
food their meat I mean specifically you
know that that the guy who is aberrant
yes cuz I'm morons for it yeah boring
hole yeah it's like what are you talking
about well he's a fool yes I was
literally carving into a steak while I
was saying that right so hunters have
that connection and I saw this video
today this is what drives me crazy and I
know I don't want to go back rehash
everything we've ever talked about but I
saw this video today who had it up
anyway these vegans were set up in front
of this I guess we get hamburgers oh
that big guy big on the line yeah yeah
so when do hunters ever like get
confrontational and violent with people
who don't want to eat meat right when
does that happen
well they think somehow another by
blocking this burger stand that they're
changing the world they're just trying
to be activists you know they're trying
to get a message out and most of them
were quit their kind of quit veganism
they're gonna start eating meat again
because their health yes that's the
truth it's some ridiculous number google
this what number I think they said the
number of vegans and vegetarians that
eat meat when they're drunk is something
outrageous but a close to ninety percent
yeah but how many how many vegans wind
up quitting and eating meat well if
they've ever done a study on that this
is like a big thing as you know there's
been a movement as sort of a movement
and people have different success rates
with being a vegan but Cam Newton who is
a quarterback of the Carolina Panthers
big dude six six 250 260 he went vegan
and he cannot get healthy he cannot he's
been injured he's I mean the face of the
franchise probably a hundred million
dollar contract I mean made it to the
Super Bowl but since just been on a
decline and it's like almost
hand-in-hand with this change into vegan
well you know that guy dr. Shaun Baker
he's yeah yeah yeah marks all these
people that were in originally in that
game-changers documentary that James
Cameron put out yeah a shit ton of them
quit before the movie came out and they
had to pull him out of the movie
because they were vegan and because of
health reasons they had to quit
it's an indoctrination movie and it's
also it's extremely biased and it's not
focusing on all of the various problems
that people have it's only focused on
the positive aspects of it and
distorting the reality of those positive
messages particularly the strong man
who's on a fuckload of steroids
yeah they forget that I forget that part
yeah and then all these other athletes
like these you're not talking and even
the strongmen he's not like an elite
strongman you're not talking about some
like when I had Robert Oberst in here
right he's like everybody eats the same
shit he's like meat and rice like they
meet yeah all those strongmen eat the
same thing the real strongmen the ones
who actually win the competitions what
do you got Jamie it's a very
controversial research that came out but
it's a very repeated number of 84 % of
vegans and vegetarians end up going back
to eating meat of at some level yeah
right right before they die folks we're
omnivores we're omnivores we we exist
better we are more healthy on an animal
and vegetable diet yeah and if you don't
want to kill animals please eat eggs eat
oysters eat shrimp and lobsters they're
fucking heartless sold us little
monsters that live at the bottom of the
ocean right but if you want to be
healthy
just eating only vegetables is a fucking
hard road it's a hard road and this idea
that you're gonna save the world
listen large scare at large-scale
agriculture is fucking terrible for the
environment it's terrible you want it
like they all of our agricultural lands
when they talk about greenhouse gases we
talked about this the other day 9% of
all of all greenhouse gases is because
of agriculture less than half of that is
because of meat less than half of that
is because of beef elk yeah how much is
that oh man it's fucking zero you have
way if you just eat out you have way
less impact on the greenhouse gases than
you do if you're a vegetarian and
there's a fact right if you're eating
grain not only that you're eating green
man you're responsible for a fuckload of
death whether you like it or not sure
those masters combines yeah discriminate
deer fawns
mice forget about any thirds
yeah and then the pesticides
displacement of wildlife you're not
supposed to have enormous fields filled
with fucking corn right and grain wheat
and all that shit that's not normal yeah
it's not healthy there's definitely
animals dying from that which I you know
but for us to live animals are gonna die
you know no matter how you want to look
at it at some point whether it was to
build your house or build the road you
use to get to work or if or the fields
that you eat your your salad and corn
and and wheat from animals dying for us
to live that's just that that's just how
it works you cannot live on this earth
and not have animals died because of
that and I like that these people that
are vegans are doing this and they think
this way because they care because they
don't want suffering they want these
animals to live mm-hmm I look I don't
want factory farming I think it's
terrible it doesn't none of that it
peels to me at all when I see chickens
stuffed into cages like that anyone have
anything to do with that I don't wanna I
want a boycott every step of the way
when I see pigs stuffed into those cages
to next to each other sitting on the
floor I don't want to have any part of
that I want to boycott all of that with
same thing with beef same thing with
anything that's factory farm yeah but
that's not what we're doing
no no and I there are some good cattle
ranchers that have good operations it's
not the factory farm they're doing it
right and it's like more people are more
in tune with that like one of my son's
work sat at a meat shop at a grocery
store and he said people ask all the
time where's this meat from how was it
raised so people are getting yes and
it's like supporting ethical cattle
ranching I'm all for that me too that's
awesome that's one of the great things
about one of my sponsors is butcher box
and butcher box has a total commitment
to humanely raised animals 100%
grass-fed grass-finished beef no
antibiotics no hormones ever so they
have these relationships with cattle
ranchers and they use sustainable
ranching and sustainable farming so when
you're buying meat from a good source
like that you're cutting out all the
stuff that I hate about about farming
well about factory farming
yeah they're good outfit one thing I do
I did also see is because I killed three
bulls this year and and it's like it's
weird because people will say well
there's no way you could eat all that so
I said well how good are you at math so
I go through I got five people my family
average average person he's 220 pounds
of meat a year my family eats more than
that but just say for that
so that's 1,100 pounds of meat as we
know say a big bull elk might you might
get 300 pounds
so if I kill three that's 900 pounds of
meat that's still less than I'm going to
eat so it's like people would be like
it'd be better if you killed maybe just
one Bowl and if you bought the rest then
I wouldn't have a problem with it it
doesn't that's the it doesn't make any
sense they also don't understand you
have freezers you keep everything I also
share it with friends yeah every time I
kill a bull I have a ton of friends
lined up there's nothing I love more
than giving I love it it's like what we
said is a hunter
we are providers that's how it's always
been so there's a certain sense of
satisfaction and and I don't know if
it's honoring the animal I don't know
what it feels like but it feels like to
me it feels right yeah to give me and
have somebody say man that elk you gave
me that was the best meat I've ever had
I just bought a ton of freezer bags so I
can give away to friends you know I get
elk sausage made and when in Utah that
the butcher that handles the meat out
there makes great jerky yes I get a
bunch of jerky and that out to people
it's awesome I love it it makes me happy
when I get text message we will do we
made elk meatballs and look at the roast
I made like you know my friend Tom papa
he makes bread and he makes his own
handmade sourdough bread it's amazing
it's delicious and he brings bread I
give him meat and perfect yeah we share
pictures and shit and it's it makes me
really happy one of my friend sends me a
meal and I know that they're there
eating an animal that I harvested myself
oh man it's awesome yeah it's amazing
and it's high octane it almost shouldn't
it might screw up you're sober October
because it's it's it's so powerful you
know Ian Edwards is gonna eat elk is he
yeah who's been a vegan forever
he said it's late he's fall asleep if
you just look at him funny falls asleep
but he said that he he'll eat a piece of
my elk cuz I killed it myself so we're
trying to figure out a time we can come
over the house I want to put cook it
perfectly oh yeah I have it all set up
in Rakas world I'm gonna film it - yeah
it'd be the first meat he's eight and
then well you said that you did that
with your pastor yeah but you have to
make sure you don't give him too much
right right right yeah he came over he'd
been at a vegan for about thirteen years
and yeah heat I mean eight I don't know
how he felt the next day but it's like
giving if you gave your dog to I mean
you can't mix up the food like have it
us I don't know uh it can be too rich
yeah basically because people aren't
used to that that much richness in their
meat so right seaton carrots it's gonna
be like the the polar opposite yeah I
want to put in a kitchen here I want to
figure out how to put a kitchen in here
and then cook for people yeah you know I
mean I think like have something where I
have a trigger set up with some sort of
a pipe that goes through the roof yes
small can go down the roof perfect
fuck yeah I would I would love to do
that have like a stove top where I could
see r/c your steaks just like so people
cook for people decide let them know it
this is what it's like yeah they'll be
they'll be going down shooting a bow
before yeah it's a long road though
what's interesting it's like the road
from you know you coming over my house
are you coming into the studio the first
time yeah many many years ago getting me
that Hoyt yeah and then show me how to
shoot and then you know taking me bear
hunting and taking me elk hunting and
all these you know reps and years and
years and years of practice that leads
to like two weeks ago yeah that's what's
crazy about it
yeah and and you had a shortened journey
oh yes a shortened because you had like
you said you had so many encounters like
you had almost a lifetime of encounters
in one hunt well and also particularly
lanai okay when I helps you a lot does
it does because you're shooting at these
little ninja
their fascist shit that's just so
delicious and they must know it so fast
and they're so pressured they're the
most pressured animals on earth and you
get so many stalks and so many hunts in
and they're there yeah I mean those
hunts that we do every year in lanai
that to me I feel like that's my my like
training camp yeah for sure
tightens up yeah sure it's still I mean
tell me what you thought about like when
your elk hunting because they're still
like when do you move fast when do you
slow down what you can get away with
that's still lanai helps that but it's
almost like I've noticed each species is
different as far as what you can get
away with yeah
an elk are they're noisy so you can make
a little bit of noise there they're big
animals to herd animals so it's it's
almost like each species has its own
yeah specialty yeah lanai you can't get
away with shit no you can't hear shit
most of what me and Dudley did before I
shot my deer this year is crawl yeah it
took forever to get to where we were
going
I took like an hour and a half or just
crawling yeah just slowly crawling
creeping and crawling because those
animals evolved around Tigers yeah so
they're all just like completely white
and then you add on top of that the fact
they're incredibly pressured because
they have to hunt them there's they
think there's as close close to thirty
thousand of them on that island which is
just bananas so they've got people it's
great for the people that live there
because they get fresh delicious organic
wild meat all the time I mean everybody
on that island is eaten access to your
left and right me must be some of that
fucking healthiest people on earth even
the four season serves it yes those
burgers man those access to your burgers
are sensational those do we're the
sliders oh good god the where else on
earth can you hunt in this incredible
tropical paradise and then stay at the
Four Seasons and run a mountain yeah and
run the mountain right oh yeah you ran
more than you bargained right well yeah
that was that was far I mean I asked the
guys there I said hey how far is it if I
go from here to here and they're like oh
seven miles no it was like 15
it was a grind and humid oh my yeah well
luckily you're accustomed to that yeah
I was good I was talking to a friend of
mine you know and they'll in and I was
saying well you know cam when he first
started running he had a hard time
running a mile and they're like what
yeah like yeah that's how it works
yeah it was uh yeah you know and I was
when I first started I mean I was okay
in high school you know because I did
all the sports and we do maybe a 10k
during the summer so but then after high
school then I was just like I thought it
was really cool I could buy beer so I
was like 21 I'd swing by a river view
market on the way home and buy a
six-pack of tall boys and you know I
thought that was cool I could pound some
you know Coors Light and I'm like oh I'm
a stud now and I started you know to get
fat and I'm like I didn't nobody cared
it was like I didn't have I wasn't
living up to these expectations I was
actually living down to expectations and
so I went through a phase there where I
was just like not healthy I was still
hunting but no real sense of I don't
know I didn't have I wasn't accountable
for anything or to anybody didn't have
any high expectations so Mike whatever
and I remember I I signed up for the
beaut beaut 10k and I got there to 5th
Street public mark just about 5 miles I
had another mile left and I quit and I'm
just like this sucks
and so that was I think from there I'm
like nobody feels good you know you
don't feel good when you're enough in
that place so I'm it was a slow grind
but I got to where I just kept doing
more and more and more and then I did my
first marathon like in 2002 when you
quit the next day how shitty did you
feel
I felt shitty all the time so it wasn't
like I mean it wasn't you know I was
living with four guys and we would just
drink beer all the time and you know
remembers one guy got DUI like two duis
in three weeks I think both in my truck
at least I wasn't right I would never
dry you know I mean I I never never got
caught but it was just like just stupid
so it was just like another
disappointment
it wasn't didn't stand out because it
was just there was no success no no it
was just I don't know I didn't have
anything going it's like that's where my
life was so it's just like what changed
I don't know something must have changed
because now you're running 240 miles
you're probably the most successful
bowhunter on the planet earth I mean
that's that's a giant I mean you have
800,000 Instagram followers something
fucking changed like what changed how
did it go from you being this guy who
quit after five miles and you drinking
beer all the time and you're hanging out
with a bunch of Nair do wells yeah and
then all sudden you are an inspiration
to millions of people like how does
what's the shift I think having kids you
know
so got married and then canner was born
in 93 and then it's like man it's not
cool being a loser dad no that's not
that that it's it's one thing being a
loser being a loser dad okay kid now I'm
affecting other people's lives and so
I'm like I thought I got a I got to be
an example you know I got it I want my
kids every parent wants her kids to to
have more than they had and had a better
life than they had and so you know my
dad wasn't around and you know I always
remember wanting him around and just you
know wanting to see him so I'm like
maybe that and then it was I I think I
wanted my kids I wanted to challenge
them so I remember my first marathon
I also made tanner he was seven and yes
it was 2002 I think or he would have
been no must yeah I don't know anyway he
was young I think he just turned eight
actually and I'm
him do the half-marathon so I ran the
marathon he did the half marathon at
eight at eight she did good got like 202
which is a good half marathon for
especially for an eight-year-old so then
I started introducing my kids to these
challenges because I'm like you know I
remember my life growing up and it it
wasn't comfortable but not not a
positive way and I'm like well I think
these kids if they don't have challenges
introduced they're gonna be soft they're
gonna have it too easy so I would you
know that's why they've they've run
marathons and they've done these things
is because that's kind of how they grew
up so I think it was kind of a
combination of being a parent wanting my
kids to to have a successful path and
then just saying I didn't want to be a
loser dad so just kind of evolved from
there didn't true it run a hundred miles
with you Randall would he get to 80 85
90 Jesus Christ yeah hasn't he blew up
no no his will broke yeah a knee issue
probably I mean but yeah I mean all
sorts of shit happens
I mean you heard but no he God it was
like that was just this past summer and
you know cuz running a hundred miles in
24 hours is that's something I mean I
could never do that at at he's 22 I
think there's no way I could have done
that then I mean it takes mental you
usually don't have that mental strength
until you're older you've been through
life and you've been beat down and
disappointed and and had your heart
broke and that's when you get like hey
this pain is just temporary this is for
one day I can get through anything for a
day well when you're 20 - it's like
point of reference you know it's great
it's been gravy the whole time but to
run a hundred miles in 24 hours is you
can tell that to anybody and be like god
dang
congratulations you know cryin so he
wanted to do that that was his goal so I
said all right I go if you get to 60
miles in 12 hours you can grind out for
D in the second 12 and I said that would
be good so he got 260 miles in 12 hours
on on pace everything was good and it
just
- painful is like I think he got 31
miles maybe they are almost 31 I think
there's 90 points something just you
know he ended up take trying to take a
couple naps was in the truck for a while
and I remember I would be like so what
are we doing I'd go by the truck because
I never stopped right and so it's of
course it's a loop 1.1 mile loop oh my
god he did a hundred times right do it
for 24 hours and so I'd come by and I'd
be I give him a little bit a little
while to chill out and uh but then I bit
what are we doing here and whatever for
whatever reason he got ninety which is
still 90 miles is a long-ass way it's a
long under feet right that's like San
Diego but it's not a hundred no I'm like
so we joke around too cuz I am you know
I'm supportive but also I mean I am how
I am so I'm like I go God you couldn't
have got 10 more miles ten more miles
and you would have been in the hundred
mile club because he I got this little
wood chip it's like the it's like the
smallest little token you could get it's
not even like Goggins coin right here
but it's half the size of wood chip and
it says 100 miles I'm like hey you got
it you have a chip like - oh no no no
you only got 90 they don't make 90 mile
chips and so at like we said it's like
God the the worst part about that is to
get those last ten you got to get the
first 90 and that right so I think he's
gonna hit his big goal was to get a
hundred miles and tour our 24 hours if
she didn't get and then also qualify for
Boston which he did so I think we're
gonna woody have to do to qualify for
Boston for his age age group he had to
run under three hours in a marathon so
he ran the Jean marathon in 257 Wow
so he qualified that's amazing yeah
that's a good fast
yeah shaking his head yeah
now he ran that would have bent that's
like 644 that's fast
miles 426 that's fucking fast yeah
so the world record they're trying to
get under - right under - yeah they
using like special shoes and shit and
those guys are amazing
yeah they're so I bought these Souls
these insoles they're supposed to feel
like
springy insoles you know those things I
don't think they do a goddamn thing I
really don't I tried them and I took
them out and make these fucking things
they're just hard yeah they're just hard
it's are they supposed to do anything
springy inside on the end of the day you
have to run you got a grace got to keep
going this you got to grind it out
especially when you're going up hills I
don't think they do a goddamn thing cuz
you're on you're on your toes on your
toes the whole way anyway yeah it's uh
yeah I don't know I did the what I found
is nothing really helps you I mean it
running oh is just running I mean the
better shape you're in probably the more
enjoyable it is the born if you can
I usually 99% time I'm by myself so I'm
it's like it's I heard you talking with
red band about yoga and it's it's sort
of like that so meditation it's like
you're out and it's just like I feel I
feel good I feel healthy I feel centered
if I can run with somebody like Kourtney
then that's just a like Christmas you
know you're also running out there when
you run mount pick so you're you're
running up there and the clean air and
the beautiful view oh yeah yeah it's
just it's healthy dose of nature yeah
it's healthy all the way around and it's
a um so I just look at it as like hey
I'm doing this if I get to run with
anybody else and it's it's a distraction
that's just kind of you know the
exception rather than the rule how many
days a week you run in these days every
day every day Sunday - every every day
every day Jesus Christ yeah I always say
rest days are for pussies the thing is
you doing the same thing every day - you
don't even mix it up yeah I mix it up
yeah
you know I call do kickboxing one day
yoga the next day I for me I have to mix
it up if I don't mix it up I just yeah
crazy I the way I found it because I
used to bike I used to do all these
things but nothing nothing compares to
running if you just want to get not only
just just for fitness but discipline mmm
running yeah running sucks for everyone
so it's like just to be able to get out
there and get in a groove that's
discipline you know and that's I've used
that discipline for the rest of my life
so but it's you know the building block
is and it makes shooting a bow so we
talked about shooting a bow is
discipline that's fun
yeah if you can't get out and shoot a
bow it's like come on yeah it's it's way
more fun than running yeah right so
that's that's why I look at it's like
you know because I I always say run left
shoot lifting you get a good pump
whatever you got some music going you
can get kind of jacked up shooting is
just fun it's running that's the key to
the discipline so yeah it's you're doing
something to your mind you're forcing
your mind to this it strengthens that
ability to get in that groove and yeah
yeah you know I sometimes I hear my
breath when I'm running and you know
when I'm really pushing it when I'm
going up a hill and it's it's so
satisfying that you could keep up the
pace yeah you know there's something
about keeping up that pace that's so
satisfying and me I was running with the
dog you know so it's like I got my buddy
he comes running back to me I'm so happy
he's so fucking happy man I had a film
how he jumps out of the truck because
when I bring him to the trail and it
jumps out of the truck his whole body
shaking boom and then I opened the gate
he just jumps he leaves you could have
that energy oh my god that would be
that's how my that's how cash is - it's
like no matter where you go he wants to
if you're going outside he must be first
outside if you're going inside he wants
to be first back inside how happy is he
yeah when you see this dog I know Oh
marshal ISM I mean I tried I told you I
tried to take his stuff animal and he's
like yeah go ahead just let me know when
you're done he's just like sitting there
with his mouth
clothes just looking at me I had in my
mouth like my dog would brood on your
mouth that disgusting subtle it's just
it's just not just my teeth a disease
from Marshall that's how they say don't
they say a dog's mouth
how can a dog with that person yeah they
lick their balls I don't know how that
works it doesn't know that's Cameron
right see that little thing Marshall is
so nice but yeah I'm taking him to work
with me because otherwise you know when
we run we run in the morning and then
he's just bored all day
waiting for everybody to come home so he
comes here and hangs out oh he said but
yeah so I took that thing from him and
he's like no concessive no I'm like yeah
just let me know and you're done I never
had a daughter with him before no he's
so so nice I'm so used to pitbulls and I
had Mastiff smells big scary ass dogs
yeah he's just a different thing man he
said I have to remind myself yeah he's
he's a he's a sweetie a special dog I
don't know if all are all retrievers
like that supposedly Golden's are all
like that yeah just like commander David
flavor who was on the other day yeah he
said he's had five golden she said that
wouldn't get another dog they're the
best dogs just loves him I mean I get it
now I mean I never have dog like him
he's so nice to everybody everybody is
his best friend now just runs from one
person to the next so the only thing he
does that I don't like is he jumps on
people still I'm trying to get him to
stop doing that but it's just because he
loves him yeah yeah he's not it's not
malicious right yeah but yeah I've
always thought that if I could have the
same attitude as my dog running yes I
mean yeah I mean he's so happy he gets
tired after maybe five or six and then
he'll be like lagging back but up until
then it's like ma'am he's loving it he
trots with you for about five or six
miles and then he's like this
motherfuckers ya hick Ulis yeah yeah
yeah dad when are we going home right he
doesn't have the did dirt I mean you get
him water do you bring water with him I
think no but we go to the river oh yeah
yeah
now buff is it is it clean the other
stomachs are not like our sign no
obviously yeah licking their balls and
shit
when Martian live runs sometimes we run
in the heat like sometimes you know
that's tacky it's hot as fuck so I have
one of those collapsible dog bowls and I
just put it in the backpack and I'll
bring a hydro flask in 64 ounce hydro
flask and a couple times during the run
I'll pull out that collapsible dog bowl
and pour him some water and he'll drink
it and you know that makes a big
difference and then I pour some on his
head to rub it on this head to cool
mom's cool it out yeah yeah cuz we'll
run it's 100 degrees outside
oh he's got a lot of hair oh god I'm so
thick yeah you could get him shaved like
a lion yeah like a poodle does like I do
it poodles yeah when I brush them it's
ridiculous I have well I have a brush
that I brush them with what I also have
these gloves they're like brush oh yeah
and you're petting them and then it's
just like you have hair mitts you know
this comes off it was up to me I'd have
fucking 100 dogs yeah I love them me too
so not and that's another thing that
anti-hunters don't understand right they
say well how come you don't kill kill
your dog Mike it's my fucking dog yeah
I'm talking about my dog's a squirrel
murderer by the way that sweet Marshall
he'll murk a squirrel really fucking
heartbeat yeah we had to keep him from
Merkin my daughter's rabbit he's he's
got real issues yeah look at that
hunting instinct as lovable as Marshall
is is that the one that says everyday I
have to calm the demons within what is
it what is it the it's the circle of
life yeah but there's another one go to
the there's another one
he's lying back behind him yeah did you
do that on purpose
no no that's a it's a painting up on
Utah I know but like Sid that's a hard
like different levels of hunting keep
that one right there click on that one
scroll down so you could see the the
caption every day I must tame the demon
within me he looks so guilty for his
lies please just open up the door or his
name is this fucking stupid rabbit yeah
oh my god that's a cute I mean but
what's interesting is like those
retrievers they have what they call soft
mouths yeah they don't tear things apart
right they hold things gently
and bring him yeah yeah like even
squirrels but he's killed a squirrel who
bring me a squirrel so I haven't fucked
up really yeah yeah now that's their
genetics I mean like Johnny Cash my
Mastiff when he was alive hmm he got
into my chicken coop one day he tore a
hole through the chicken coop so the you
know the chicken wire fence yeah tore it
apart so he get his body then went in
there and he marked eight chickens eight
or nine by the time I got to him Wow my
wife is screaming why is Johnny in the
chicken coop and my Johnny's in the
chicken can that's not good he tore a
hole through the chicken coop so that
was a totally different experience yeah
there was no soft mouth going on there I
was just carnage like barrel time
killing chickens
oh Jesus across mouth you reminded me
what is this asshole doing he's playing
with his tiger oh it's his tiger and it
doesn't it looks like it's about to fuck
him up in it yeah oh so where is this at
I don't know I just some gift I start
going around I guess if you are nice to
these things and train them you can get
away with this for a little bit yeah but
what happens is then that lion will
probably kill that guy I'm on today
that's what always had cause they're
still these just like Marshall yeah they
still out I don't know maybe not maybe
he's whatever but you always hear this
that they had this pet whatever and well
Marshall with a rabbit for sure yeah
that's how that lion is like if I'm like
let Marshall play with the rabbit Oh
Marshall yeah rabbits your friend then I
go and take a shit you come back to see
blood and rabbit hair then that guilty
look got Marshall I could take yeah he
was taunting me genetics yeah it's uh I
don't know why people think it's cute to
wrestle with lions and do all that crazy
shit it seems so silly to me I mean
they're kind of cool I mean that would
be fun I guess I mean it would it's like
animals are amazing but don't be
surprised when it I can rips your juggle
around well when we were in Thailand you
can go to these Tiger sanctuaries and
you can pet these Tigers and what's
interesting is you would go there and we
would pet the little baby ones and they
would be like really
and and tame and playful you know
because they're little babies but
they're super energetic but they don't
they're not trying to hurt you
they're just they're just playing with
each other and rolling around and
they're like kittens but then you go to
the ones that are just a little older
like maybe a year old and they're a
little sketchy yeah just looking around
and and then there's a guy with a stick
and they're there keeping you at a
distance with them I don't want you
getting too close to them they worry
about they might jack you and when you
get to the older lines like or the the
older Tigers the full-grown Tigers
they're all drugged
yeah and it's a real bummer man yeah
they're all lying there like people take
pictures with them and these things are
on fucking heroin man they just lying
there completely 100% drugged there's no
if ands or buts about it
they barely keep their head up and
people are smiling and put their hands
on it and take it self I don't like that
it's weird man I don't like that it's
weird I like I like Adam wild out to be
wild yeah me too
that's I mean that's that's what's cool
about and look I mean we've we both
experienced bears in the wild and I've
never seen a mount line in the wild but
I did see one in Montecito and Santa
Santa Barbara I saw one on the street
but I mean if I did see one I would
think it's fucking cool to be in the
woods like hunting and like Dudley was
20 yards away from one yeah stumble
across one it's cool that they're out
there yeah you know I love the fact that
they're a real thing but I don't want to
pet them yeah
now you got a respect don't I don't want
to have nothing to do and those things
are in kill Ryan man those things are
killers do you see that picture we have
outside now with the Hollywood sign I
yeah I did so I motherfuckers live in in
Griffith Park yeah big-ass cat with
giant forearms see his forearms things
are killing machine yeah and he's just
out there keeping keeping the Coyotes in
check yeah marking all those Disha few
have died recently because a rat poison
yeah
Lyons yeah yeah mountain lion yeah it's
a bummer man there's a lot of lions here
in California a lot they get a hold of
the rat poison because people poison the
rats and then they eat the rats or the
Coyotes eat the rats and then they eat
the Coyotes and they get that rat poison
in them and they want to dying and
another one got killed recently trying
to cross the street he was trying to
cross the highway and they think he
might have been getting chased by
another cat and the cat chased him right
into traffic and bam they're territorial
that's what that's what that's why they
have to keep spreading out so much
because they won't overlap mmm those
males will get a certain territory and
then the younger ones have to go
usually further into town do you hear
what happened about the woman who had a
farm
she has a an alpaca farm in in Malibu
and a mountain lion just decided to
start marking her alpacas and killed a
shitload of them really and yeah I
killed like eight of them or something
crazy like that and a goat killed a goat
too didn't even eat him just oh yeah
why don't I kill and spray thens gonna
eat a goat's are terrible Arlie really
yeah I tried that one time back in the
early 90s Ted Nugent was playing in
Eugene and he was with the Damn Yankees
and we're like we had this place I had
these feral goats down by Roseburg and
so we're like they wanted him killed and
so we asked Wayne asked Ted somehow got
ahold of him
oh no he's gonna come to the bow rack
cuz he's been following him forever it's
like hey you want to go bow hunting
goats with us so long story short we
went down there killed a bunch of goats
he had a concert that night but I had a
truck full of dead goats a little Toyota
two-wheel-drive little blue thunder we
called it and I tried to use those goats
this is before 94 so you could bear bass
Dylan or again try to use them as bear
bait the Bears were like we're not
eating that shit bears didn't want to go
who would not eat the goat
what no no so goats yeah it doesn't
surprise me that lion won't eat the
goats either so goat meat not the best
but they say that goats like some some
cultures love goat yeah I think so yeah
that's probably the ones that won't eat
cows I don't know
just cook it they have ways of cooking
it yeah you know I've never had why I
know I've had goat before at a Mexican
restaurant
I had like go tacos yeah it was good
really yeah yeah but I think if you
braise it yeah hello cook it with slices
yeah Trager it like you know put it on
like 165 degrees for eight hours or
something like that the right spices
yeah you can make anything tastes pretty
damn good that's what Jen she cooked
something up in bear camp this year it
was bear I think it was loin maybe I
don't know but it would anyway cooked it
for 12 or 20 hours something crazy
mm-hmm God it was so good no follow a
bang ham maybe oh yeah that's right I
remember that yes oh good yes yeah she
marinated it people say Isis I'd like to
see people who say well do you eat bear
have a plate of Jenna if it's bear meat
my god no no one what Rinella was
talking about on his podcast when the
Pioneers came out west they were
shooting deers for their skins and bears
for the meat really yeah oh I didn't
know that yeah they were shooting bears
for me black bears yeah that they
preferred black bears for their meat
it's a delicious animal don't know no
they don't know and they think you're
lying for some reason then you can t
bear you don't want to eat bear like you
don't know what you're talking about if
Jen Rivet cooks you some bear I defy you
I defy you if you like to eat meat her
stir-fry you dare stir-fry yeah that is
fantastic
you'd have to be a path of Electrical
liar to say it wasn't good if you don't
like meat maybe you won't like it but if
you do like me you'd be like wow this is
good do I say it tastes like like a it's
almost like a cow fucked up deer mm-hmm
it's like a combination of like venison
and yeah yeah it's yeah I mean the way
she cooks it is you know I think there's
a typical taste of bear or does like
people always say who haven't had a like
that they say it's greasy because it's
more like pork ish you kind of you know
is some fat in it it's like it's just
different but the way she does it in the
trailer or stir fry it's incredible it's
incredible yeah yeah it's a really
delicious animal
that speaking of that hunt that's what I
want to get Goggins on his first hunt
just like I took you in all right uh-huh
so that's that's that's we can take him
to yon gents play yeah yeah that'd be
perfect
try to get a bear yeah good good first
bow kill house he shot a bow at all
yeah I got him a bow I've been shooting
I don't know if he had he shot when he
came and worked out with me he's got the
best fucking Instagram stories ever
those he got those videos I know I love
it never gets done by being a bitch he
said I was I was reading one of his text
messages he sent me yesterday he just
sends the most I do lunch
you showed me the one you showed me one
like not too long and goes every couple
months I got new ones yeah yeah I love
it I love it they wake you up two men
finally wake me up I start doing
chin-ups as soon as I get those messages
I'd love his attitude there's a few
people who I love the most people like
you know just they're good people just
hard-working but I'm in love with their
spirit it's like his spirit chakra
spirit cortney's spirit their spirit
it's like it's it's amazing
yes it's and he's like one of those guys
that it's never gonna waver well you
know what you're gonna get you get
inspiration from it I do I get fuel from
yeah yeah yeah I just thought even
having the chance to train with them
it's like man just feel lucky to see him
in action and see him change from David
to Goggins right and it right and it
becomes the Hulk oh my god it happened
it and it's like I thought well maybe
this is just kind of like a whatever
maybe just a thing but it was real it's
like when when shit got hard he got into
this different zone and it was like he
got better he got better got me out for
ya he did it is like so would you guys
do you ran like 30 miles yeah 35 35
miles yeah and then you went back and
lifted yeah and we shot bows too but all
of that same day but during that race it
was kind of cold and snowy
I think of spitting snow but raining it
was soaking wet
and he I remember like a mile 22 he
something was happening with his feet
and he had to take his shoes off and
untie his shoes and it's like normally
that's not a good sign I mean people are
messing with their shoes 22 miles into
30 it's like god this is not you know
because you know your feet are gonna get
torn out right so it's like you just
kind of your feet if they could be
bleeding torn ups like yeah this is what
happens just kinky and he's done a lot
so so I'm like man I don't know I said
well I thought I'm just gonna kind of
keep keep chugging along and you know
get it figured out and and catch up and
we'll go from there and I thought man
there's a chance that maybe I won't see
him again but no sure a shit
here he comes he catches back up me and
my brother were up there and he he went
from 22 he got in this different groove
and then I actually my calf on this race
kind of locked up and it's like going up
this last grade would do one more summit
and I couldn't run it and I'm like he
took off I was just kind of power hiking
it and I get up there and had a
cameraman up there and David was like he
was in his Goggins mode by that time
this is towards the end of the race but
like two miles I was like 33 miles in
and he I asked a cameraman up there I'm
like hey I said how did Goggins look and
he's like well he had a shirt off and he
was in it was colder and he's had a
shirt off and he was saying did you
fucking know me I'm like who's he he's
like they don't they don't know me son
and doing saying all this stuff I said
who is he saying that to and he's like
he's nobody up here imaginary enemies
yeah he's fighting and that's but that's
that's real and so he did and he got
better and he frickin just crushed the
second half of that race and same thing
happened lifting he like the more reps
we did the better he got and like at the
end when we had done so many reps and
we did this one last thing of doing yeah
we did like 95 reps of or no a hundred
reps of right there on that incline
bench is only 95 pounds but we had done
600 reps before he ended up on the last
set did more that he did in the first
set that's insane
yeah and that's when he's saying he
starts yelling right here somewhere
volume carry the boots you're gonna this
is at international fitness just a
regular gym and people were like what
the hell what is this guy he got into
the that zone and it's like so whatever
he says about his David that he was
Goggins when he gets to Goggins dude
look out it's like a whole it's a
different person that's unstoppable
that's right oh yes it's real it's real
I saw it and he's like it's amazing well
that's how he broke the world chin-up
record yeah I mean I have to be a
complete psychopath to be able to do
chin-ups for 24 hours a day and then so
we went we went after that and we went
and watched UFC got pizza and and it was
getting late by that time so we'd run 35
miles we shot bows we lifted weights
pretty full day ate pizza had a cup of
chocolate chip cookies watch UFC pretty
good night and then so he's like yeah he
goes I had to get get back to my hotel I
got still got a stretch a couple hours
of stretch
and uh in my wife goes oh you're
stretching just you can miss stretching
tonight it's like what are you talking
about
they have David Goggins miss stretching
where that's like you know taking the
night off well so does some hardcore
stretching and he does for hours and
then that's just kind of his routine and
then he got up the next day and from his
hotel ran 15 miles so people can say
whatever they want the dude is as real
as they get and a complete savage a
hundred percent it's not it's like you
can say whatever you want cuz on the
Instagram you never know if what you see
is what you get it's he's amazing yeah
he's real there's no way he could be
doing it as long as he's doing it
without he someone would expose him yeah
he would expose himself yeah well that's
the real deal and that's why it's so
special that's why it's so inspirational
yeah is because like that's all mental
strength and he's all super honest about
how he used to be yeah my brain was soft
I was soft it's helped me because I've
thought that I'm like when I get tired I
mean I take inspiration from a lot of
people but it's like I I'm like god I
need to have that little piece of
Goggins you know to be to get in that is
it's got to be mental it's like it's he
just puts himself there and he struggles
but then gets to this next level and
it's like how it's just he just makes
himself go there he also spit out now
how to maintain his body which is very
important yeah no he that's why he's
into that stretching because he's had
some like pretty significant muscles
yeah that passes so awesome alright I
clocked up on him yeah now he realizes
like there's you know there's a
maintenance involved - yeah yeah you got
to treat that thing like a vehicle right
I gotta take care of that vehicle yeah
he does and he's I mean it was like I'll
never forget sharing that day with him
never I mean it's it changed my life
I swear to God I mean he's you know I
mean David Goggin just like people
follow him and they're just like I feel
I feel like it's it's like another
blessing I don't really deserve just to
be able to you know who wouldn't want to
we always talk like that it drives me
crazy all this yeah I don't deserve shit
I don't this is one thing I hate about
you drives me nuts
I don't you always say like like we were
been talking about that like you always
feel like you don't even deserve to be
like that that these camps with all
these great hunters I think I always say
I think somebody eventually is gonna say
what the fuck what is it this guy doing
here and I'll be like well they figured
it out was it it was a good run that is
called impostor syndrome I don't know I
just don't feel like I'm a I see you
guys I see you you Goggins Jocko and I
see those in the that's who everybody
you know it's like you can change
people's lives and I feel like pretty
soon they're gonna go why is this guy
here yeah yeah but that's how I feel
about everything but I just don't I
don't express it you don't hate yourself
for that no I hate myself for that
but you hate me well you say too much
drives me nuts because I admire what you
do so it drives me crazy because you've
taught me so much haunting much I feel
the same I used to feel the same about
everything like it's called impostor
syndrome what's that mean and it when
people have very high standards mm-hmm
people work hard and they have very high
standards and then they become
successful they feel like an impostor
if you like there's no way because
you're always wanting better and more
and like as I've become famous and
become friends with other famous people
like when I meet them like I was out at
a restaurant the other night and me and
my wife were having dinner and Jamie
Foxx came in and he comes up to me and
gives me a big hug and I'm always like
why did you like me that's supposed to
like me
yeah it weirds me out that even knows
who I am yeah you gotta meet my friend
he's huge fan ears I'm like what you
know any fans like what are you talking
about yeah you're Jamie Foxx like this
is nuts just talking to you yeah you
know and then he brings me over to his
friend I always feel like an impostor I
know I feel like an impostor
when like when we did that show in
Portland when you came to the show yeah
about to go onstage this fucking
sold-out arena people names you still
feel like an imposter as they're
bringing me up I'm like this is so crazy
amazing okay so you get it I get it
yeah but it's just because I have a very
high standard and I work really hard and
I am never satisfied yeah so even though
I know that I can do it I do it every
night yeah stand up every night right I
know I know I practice hard I work hard
I write hard I tell ya I constantly do
sets even though I still am I quiet and
the fuck is this yeah this is ridiculous
still to this day well you know I I get
it I come all that I mean just today
people send me a text hey I sent this to
so Joe must have change his number can
you see it as I did give me on the vodka
and it's just like so I hear like that
and I hear like what's Joe like so
what's what's it like to do and it's
like I don't know however I don't know
how other famous people are about how
you are is like all I ever say is like
he's the most generous supportive person
I've ever met
so however you're doing it you've been a
good it's just somebody good to emulate
I think well I would say the same about
you man it means a lot to me to be a
friend and to learn bowhunting from you
spend to me it's like you know there's
if you want to learn something you know
you want to learn something what you
want to learn is from someone who really
understands it and really has it
mastered it and spent a lifetime doing
it so for me like you've cut probably
decades off my learning curve of
learning bow hunting and be able to
learn I mean all those different things
that we did to get close to those
different bowls was all because of your
years and years of experience and of
course Colton helped us as well he's a
great guide and very knowledgeable
hunter but you know even he defers to
you because you've had so much
experience so to me that it's it's just
to have a guy like you out there that's
such a great role model that does it all
the right way and work so hard mean to
learn from you has been gigantic there's
no you go out to that wall out there and
see all those elk heads that's all
because of you man I mean it would have
never happened I would have never been
able to do it I definitely wouldn't have
been able to be this successful this
early you know well yeah I mean you've
been whatever position you've been put
in you've made the most of it that's
what I say so a lot of people have been
in put in
fortuitous situations that screw it up
or don't make the most but because of
your work work ethic
you've made that 67-yard shot which
isn't easy for anybody in crunch time
you made that to perfection so that's
that's you I mean getting there maybe
whatever could have played a role in
that but executing god it was so
beautiful that was like it's like seeing
you kill that bowl was definitely better
like when I kill I'm just like well did
what I do that did what I do there's
what I'm supposed to do so I'm like you
have to be controlled and like you were
even pretty controlled I wasn't
controlled from that moment I was so
happy and so it just caught up in the
moment it was it was beautiful to see I
said it was and one of the most
beautiful shots I've ever seen and
that's true but it's just like just to
see that and and have you be successful
it's like God it means everything it
means everything to me to man it does
and to be able to do it with you but
like I said in the video it does it
means the world to me that I could do
that
you know with being your your student
and being able to learn from you and
then to be able to execute like that in
crunch time was perfect
yeah I mean and now we fucked up and a
lot of people gonna be in the woods bow
hunting now it's a get something out of
it man I really I really hope people
yeah feel what we feel and get that
expand then when you're eating it you'll
you'll get that feeling that it's
doesn't it's not it's completely
incomparable this is nothing like it in
terms of like eating a meal eating a
meal from an animal that you track down
and and hunt it yourself it shot
yourself there's nothing like it
yeah no it's amazing hey did you uh mmm
you were at the comedy store last night
yeah
are you there tonight yep yeah you are
yeah yeah I get to go yeah hell yeah
yeah I set up a show it's just because I
know you're gonna be here I thought I
saw you there last I saw those you were
there last night I'm like oh shit I
wonder if don't see oh no no no I'm
there multiple nights but I was there
too I had two shows there last night and
then I had a show The Improv - oh nice
so yeah edible thing about being in LA
is I can grind it
I could do multiple shows at night you
know do different plays I'll do like two
shows to the store then I'll do two
shows The Improv I do it all the time
yeah that's awesome it's amazing like LA
for for comedy it's like the the Deseret
of comedy was was Chris and Callen there
last night
well it's encounter at the they were at
the store I left them when I went over
to the improv and then I see a problem
yo Ian Edwards yeah yeah yeah
ridiculous Callen was roaring like a
dragon yes oh so silly it was hilarious
yeah it's hilarious
the comi story you've never been right
no never Mecca you're gonna come to
Mecca tonight oh I can't wait that's
comedy Mecca there's no place like it on
earth and it's not it'll be mobbed Joey
Diaz will probably be down there tonight
it would be it would be incredible this
this day has been like I figure if I can
die after today I'm good because it's
like everything has happened and I get
to go to the store it's like now what is
this GQ thing you did today it was just
so they had me breaking down like
archery and movies so I did Hunger Games
they fail my reaction and and got me
like talking about if it's realistic so
I did Jeremy Renner I did Robert De Niro
he was in got some terrible movie and I
I don't even think you I was kind of
surprised he was actually hunting with a
bow in the movie what movie was that I
was at a movie with him and John
Travolta yes yes and they had a fight
yeah John Travolta played like a Russian
yeah and he shot John Travolta shot an
arrow at him so Robert De Niro is in a
tree stand John Travolta shot and is
stuck in the tree Robert De Niro jump
fell out of the tree and broke his bow
and so then he like started crawling
towards John Travolta for summer anyway
they had me but Robert De Niro actually
had a pretty good anchor I mean he
looked pretty good with the boat really
he had a whisker biscuit on there which
wasn't good for for the rest but he was
gonna shoot this bowl like this
five-point Bowl came out
and he couldn't do it he like I don't
know what happened he like had he
hesitated then Johnny felt bad it's
something like that I don't know what
how many see this Jamie do you have it
killing season yes it's pretty intense
bad no that's no no that's not it I
don't let that grip
he had a compound bow yeah oh it's a
different one yeah right there huh yes
hey he looks like look at him
I know yeah so he's wearing flannel - he
went old-school his radio went off and
has spooked the bull but he jumped out
and broke that bow yeah so I I did that
when John Travolta was shooting arrows
at each other yeah how dumb was the
movie
it's terrible apparently the new Rambo
is unbelievably bad yeah we did Rambo
too because I said I go we have to do
Rambo I want to talk about when he do
you remember when he had the exploding
tip and shot that guy yes
yes that was awesome you get caught in a
trap oh yeah John Travolta's beard oh
Jesus it's he's Russian yeah how bad is
his axe I don't know Oh
atrocious I'm sure killing seasoned what
is it again a rotten tomatoes co derived
tomatoes wine I want to see a 3 what
does it get please tell me it's like 13
that's impressive that's pretty low
that's that's pretty high
well yeah a lot lower than that okay
what happened Oh Oh No shop can we get
up he's trying to get up was he doing oh
oh he hurt his ankle
I took one to the calf oh did he yeah
looks I arrow I think I don't know it's
hilarious yeah yeah there's very few
movies that depict bow hunting correctly
yeah I didn't see any
what is this he's holding him he's got
the arrow there yeah you attack him
before he draws
just shoot me just shoot me come on you
hear the listen to the Russia should the
sheets Oh
hold this stop that right now I'm not I
cannot I can't do this that's uh no no
no no that the best form I saw in any
the movie that I that I reviewed for him
today was I think it's called brave it
was an animated movie
oh yeah the redheaded girl yeah there it
not bad she actually had perfect form
really yeah I'll let me see that is
there a movie though where someone Bo
hunts correctly I mean is there one
moving right here I'm see right watch
her form when she well here they're
teaching her how to shoot yeah I think
so yeah but you'll see her she steps up
the innocent convincing confidence the
confidence the confidence so you know
she's gonna put put it on the X yeah he
watches watch his confidence and the
attitude see that she's pretty bossy my
kids did not like this movie they watch
it for some reason weird movie from how
we would read it's her she needs that
her dress is too tight see that uh-huh
back son watches on the move it was
pretty good I never watch this last one
hmm
this one's uh-huh yeah right here
don'tdon't um look at this watch this
form and this is with a broad head with
distractions she's so focused the
feather cut her face a little for some
reason oh I like how the arrow and look
a real arrow I know
but watch this whoa whoa look at this oh
she Robin Hoods it I know pretty damn
impressive see that come that's so
that's what I say the all the ones that
I reviewed today that's the best that's
the best yeah looking here her
I know let's see that follow-through
yeah Fowler was excellent very sweet but
there's no movie where bow hunting now
accurately depicted I don't know movie
mm-hmm now I'm thinking I'm trying to
think of a movie that even involves bow
hunting can you think of one no not not
hunt not bow hunting no I mean there's
deliverance where one's up hunting
people remember yeah I wanted to do that
one bow but they didn't have that today
they had walking dad they had ridiculous
that they call that a bow that's a
shitty gun that's what I said I said I
know I'm not down with the crossbow and
and you got a rotten a rotten corpse
head and it's stopping an arrow it's not
a pastor excuse me yeah that's outrage
Dick's in their head I don't know how we
missed this but Samuel Jackson plays in
a movie called big game where I think he
might have been Secret Service
protecting the president
either way the plane crashes or
something ends up with a kid and
learning how to bow hunt to survive oh
really really yeah I came out three or
four years ago
oh this ship must went straight to yeah
it doesn't look never heard of it
I want the bow hunt to survive I mean on
this now he's getting in a fight yeah I
typed them bow hunting movies and this
was the most recent one I thought oh
that's hilarious it jumps on a
helicopter I mean I just wanna stop stop
that before I get brain damage yeah
isn't it interesting like you would
think that there would be a way to make
a movie that involves bow hunting that
would be interesting you think so yeah
like the movie like there's only a
couple good pool movies is that yeah
hustler with Paul Newman and Jackie
Gleason and then the color money with
Paul Newman and Tom Cruise those are the
big ones yeah the the color money
changed pool like when that movie came
out in 1986 it just literally pool
exploded the same is in the 1960s when
the hustler came out cool exploded yeah
so pool had to like giant explosions
where people really started going to
pool halls they wanted to learn how to
play pool good and then with the Hunger
Games apparently a lot of people got
into archery because of Jennifer
Lawrence we got a beautiful woman janab
oh that's what I said I go you looking
like a badass you yeah yeah the
confidence is a key
you know and she's hot she's hot and
then she's got a bow it's like 10 times
hotter both those things are good yeah
so yeah she and she what was good with
her was she could go from having the bow
to grabbing an arrow to put it on the
string to shooting in like half a second
yeah and just over why I go that's not
easy to do well she must have had some
serious training just to be able to pull
that off on film yeah I think she'd and
I think she shot a hoy and I think she
took lessons from a high shooter and
same thing with even Rambo's old bow I
believe was a Hawaii really yeah that's
hilarious
I know but yeah he he had the exploding
tip and the guy the bad guy who was
shooting ran out of bullets with his gun
threw down pulled his pistol out and a
shooting a Rambo and Rambo just stood up
there just like you're not gonna hit oh
here she is oh shoot right I thought her
I guess that's her coach teaching the
reporter oh oh so this is the woman who
coached Jennifer Lawrence yeah okay I
want to see Jennifer Lawrence so I don't
even know this chick I thought if I got
here with this yeah but it's that did
get a lot of people involved adesh girls
especially yeah yeah young girls
apparently what is her name Geena Davis
yeah Davis is a big-time Archer she
loved shoots yeah she's she's playing
that competitions right doesn't she I
think so yeah yeah doubt some target
competitions yeah and Ivanka Trump does
she
I saw her with a bow before well
obviously Donald Jr is the biggest one
in the family yeah Donald Jr is a legit
bow hunter yeah he uh he shot a giant
bull in Colorado this year did he yeah
oh I didn't even know that yeah yeah he
said it's a dud Lee sent a picture of it
to Doug's me on his phone really big-ass
bowl yeah god I didn't see that yeah
it's great bull yeah Wow huh yeah he's a
legit bow hunter I mean that guy loves
bow hunting he hunts a lot ya know he's
he's definitely avid outdoorsman I mean
he's always putting up stuff and he's
learned a lot there's ugly too did he
yeah Dudley taught him quite a bit
mmm came quite a bit of training yeah
yeah but there's not as a single movie
where someone goes
hunting like that that could be mean
that could be a good movie the Olympic
team oh shit oh she's shooting a Olympic
recurve yeah she tried out that for the
Olympic team finished 24th out of 300
women not bad
yeah those in the in the Olympics you
know it's no compound its bows just like
that Wow
that's seven I think it's 70 meters they
put him in there Wow but you didn't find
any getter so looks fucking super legit
look at her form I know a grip hand
everything yeah they're such good
shooters it's amazing how good they get
yeah with tabs I mean that's crazy like
you're shooting off your fingers yeah
and you're shooting really accurately is
she still doing it that's all I was
looking up they made a video with her
I'm funnier don't see that video
archery tricks is this it it's joke you
said I don't know how much of it is real
funnier dices I don't know what that
context was a couple years old she's got
a gun - mm-hmm you know so it's just so
you don't actually get to see okay being
silly so you'll either form there's a
form yeah look at that that uh we never
saw Jennifer Lawrence practicing there
that's why that's that video I should
practice in hiding I know I want to see
it yeah I mean she obviously has got to
have a lot of training the way she
executes yeah it seems because like you
know when you see Keanu Reeves in John
wick like okay that guy had some fuck
yeah shooting a hundred percent yeah no
doubt about it yeah you know a guy just
started doing that recently mm-hmm at
the same place where he learned oh right
it's fucking hard as shit on that it's
hard man really yeah it's another thing
that you're gonna get obsessed with
because it's just so technical there's
so much technique involved in it was
that part of your sober October yeah
we're doing a bunch of different classes
all sorts sorts a different shit that's
cool it's fun man what it's speaking of
famous people hunting how about Scott
Eastwood on his bowl
how about Scott Eastwood first first
ever bull I know yeah I know like first
day in camp who's the first got to kill
ya know made a hell of a shot he'll be
five yards a great guy yeah I know I
mean when we did that podcast with him
we got to
and he said just a sweetheart of a guy
that's how he is all the time yeah super
friendly guy yeah boy was he beaming he
came back to camp first guy to kill big
smile on his face that's the days he was
at Camp you just smile and I know he's
still happy I know is bullying a nice
Bowl - oh heck yeah that's a big bowl
yeah that was awesome
I mean we've hunted with Chris Pratt
Jocko it's dumped I mean we've had our
edible we've had some great times I
can't in in Andy's Bowl you see that
video yeah came in mazing three or four
yards or whatever and then luckily they
got to stop at 19 or 20 whatever it was
but you know another crunch time my
coming through and crunched last day I
know and now I had very few
opportunities he just you know bow
hunting is hard I mean I always have the
last three years I've scheduled to bow
hunts a year yeah because to elk hunts a
year because I keep thinking I'm not
gonna be successful yeah I'm gonna it's
not I'm gonna come up short
odds are I'll gets at least get maybe
I'll have two opportunities for the
second hunt and I'll be able to get a
second ball yeah yeah well so it's lucky
shit I know now you got one next week
yeah I'm very excited yeah I mean it's
it's a it's an interesting thing the
camaraderie in camp too because like
those kind of camps like we had two
weeks ago in Utah it's like we got a
group of some of the best people I know
and everyone's hanging out and just some
of the nicest friendliest people and
especially early in the week everybody's
on the grind I know everybody's on the
bronze all business yeah it's serious
serious second business yeah you know I
had to leave I had to leave an out cut
to come there that's why I still got it
is like is like it was so fun I'm like
there's no way I'm gonna miss this camp
it was cool to meet Levi Morgan - yeah
yeah really nice guy and I watched his
television show before and he's another
one an elite world champion karcher yeah
it's yeah it's just like any time I
always feel lucky to be able to rub
elbows with people like that at that
level and just feel like I don't know
just talk with them just like
and I was amazing to be able to show
Levi Morgan that shot that you filmed
that was fucking beautiful - yeah that
was fun it's just so cool to be in that
camp because you know it's everybody in
that group is they all get it
everybody's obsessed with the same thing
everybody's except obsessed with success
in bowhunting and here we are the one
week that everybody looks forward to
most on earth
yeah all year long you look forward to
this one week on earth this is the rot
in Utah during elk season when there
there was no moon so they're going off
this couldn't have been better
they were fucking and Dudley's into that
moon shit man he'll tell you about moon
phases and this and then he writes
articles about it
yes he was like this week is gonna be
amazing and it was oh my god oh my god
those Bulls went crazy I was watching
that clip the other day like I said I
watched and Colton pulled out that
tender limb but I also watched that
first I thought the bull was gonna be
dead 55 yards were under that spruce
tree yeah and that was a big bowl Center
out there I was so close close so close
when I drew back he was looking right at
me
yeah yeah fuck this I know I just but
reliving those moments so thankful we
have the phones and the video and it's
like easy how good the video is - I know
just amazing phone this fricking phone
filming your kill shot yeah and it's
like clear as day click crystal-clear 4k
perfect yeah yeah it's almost watch it
too much
I could almost watch it too much I mean
I got to stay in the moment yeah you
know no it's a it's a pretty special
bill to see it though yeah well that one
we did for you for under armour yeah
watch that video at least a hundred
times have you
oh fuck yeah yeah is that shot through
the trees great video yeah this one this
one I like just because you can actually
see that arrow kind of tracking for it
comes in and it tracks and just hits
money yeah no that's better for sure yes
better the other one was like I was
shooting through a hole and yeah I had a
I don't like thread the needle yeah and
punch it through that hole in the tree
did yeah being able to execute during
crunch time
it's so fucking satisfying that's what
it gets me up
and makes me practice hours and hours
and it's just like you feel you did what
you're supposed to do and it's just like
there's pressure because there's
pressure like you're like carrying this
pressure and then it's gone it's gone
it's gone for a second for a second and
then the pressure has you got to be able
to do it again though so you can't rest
on your laurels it never gets easier oh
never gets easier it's like you know
successes is fleeting you got to keep
grinding and keep and it's like one
failure seemingly wipes out years of
success you know you screw up one time
and you're just like oh my god mm-hmm
it's devastating you know like I said
it's like it can be soul-crushing well
you're only as good as your last
execution of whatever you're trying to
do whether it's your last comedy show
your last bowhunt
Neil asked you last arrow you released
you're only as good as that if you
release a bad arrow and you hit a deer
in the ass you're like fuck yeah and
then your head is like that's what I do
I shoot deers in the ass yeah and then
they run away and you forget everything
yeah
you can't you it's but that's also what
makes me practice so much yeah I don't
ever want to feel that it's like one of
those things you have to be obsessed
yeah you're gonna you're gonna be
mediocre
unless you're obsessed yeah I think bow
hunting is a very strange thing because
it's not just hunting it's it's an
athletic pursuit it's a discipline and
it requires so much like you know when I
was at Teheran tactical the other day I
was shooting rifles and I didn't miss
one so it's like clink yeah clink clink
it's just you know I'm on a bench just
trigger discipline pull pull pull little
surprise release go off right it's you
you hunting like that is difficult but
it's it's not comparable there's nothing
like bow hunting it's the most difficult
but also the most satisfying yeah and
it's a it's I hate to use the term
because it's such an overused term but
it's a spiritual pursuit it is there's
something very spiritual about bow
hunting and it's when you when that shot
landed and that's one of the things that
happens like our spirits are uplifted
like yeah we did it like a grind is over
for this one day
for this one moment we did it and it
always feels the same thing to me after
it's over and after the animals down and
you know after we're thankful to never
feels real
so is this real did this really happen
yeah sure this thing never feels real it
always feels like that last year when I
shot that giant wanted to hone ranch
same thing didn't feel real I stand over
the things like this real it doesn't
feel real
yeah just feel strange is that what I
wonder why that is
I'm crazy probably that's like I just I
don't ever like it
even when things go well for me there's
a part of my brain and I think this is
because I've been obsessed with so many
different things and I've kind of I kind
of understand my own pitfalls and the
only traps that I can fall into so
anytime anything happens that's great
even if it's fucking amazing like yeah
it feels good for a little bit and then
almost immediately afterwards I think
you better get back to work bitch
better get back to work yeah because you
can't start thinking you're awesome
they're right yeah you can't get
confused right you know I mean that's
why I always say like you know what
someone's someone asked me once like
what's the secret to your success
they're one of the big secrets is I'm
not a fan of me right I'm not like I
don't think I'm awesome yeah I I'm not
that impressed with me right so I know
what I need to do to be successful and
then I'm the guy who's telling me get
out get up go go go do it do it do it so
anytime anything happens it's great and
like settle down pitch that's exactly
how I feel I think you have to feel like
there how I feel Alexander Gustafsson
was talking about that once and he was
talking about the mindset that you have
to be to be an elite professional
athlete like you can there you're never
satisfied
there's no way yeah and I think anything
that's difficult difficult pursuits
whether it's stand-up comedy or whether
it's bow hunting or even ultramarathon
running it's like you no matter what you
do that's hard to do once it's over you
better not enjoy it for too long
now I'm gonna get back to work back to
work you have that horse I know you're
gonna always feel that good feeling if
you think about it at all like I always
have that video I always feel that good
feeling if I want to feel good i watch
that shot yeah but don't
think about it too much now you better
get back to work yeah no that's exactly
how I feel it's like it's it's so it's
so hard to get and it's just then it's
gone
yeah cuz you can I mean you got to prove
it every time but the real the real fun
is in the struggle and that's yes hard
for people to get their head around it's
the struggle but then then then not
winning but succeed succeed yeah and
that's what you can that's what you see
in that video yeah because the struggle
has been is so evident and then the
success and it's just like oh my god
this feels like almost surreal and yeah
and just amazing but then it's like god
I want to feel that again yep but I
gotta earn it you gotta earn it yeah
never it doesn't give a fuck who you are
I mean it's one of the things that I
love about archery is the same thing I
like about pool it's the same thing I
like about a lot of things they're
absolute like when pool the ball either
goes in the hole or it doesn't that ball
doesn't give a fuck who you are it
doesn't give a shit it's an animal
arrows being released if you don't you
don't hit it right yeah you don't
release it right you don't aim perfectly
be the best in the world and funk up you
screw up a shot fuck yeah yeah yeah
and the animals don't they're not
there's no they're not cutting anybody a
break right it's it they're wild animals
in the mounds and you just got to I mean
it's tough but it is when you mention
spiritual endeavor I remember when I was
in San Carlos this year this is you know
native land and it's it's very special
for me to hunt there with with its
Apache Tribe there and I remember I was
standing on top of this Ridge and the
wind was coming through there and it in
a felt like I told the told the guys are
this - that it felt like there the wind
was moaning like there's so much I don't
know if it's emotion I don't know if
there's life in there but it felt
different and it's like when are you
ever gonna be in a situation where
you're gonna be so in tune where feels
like that and that's that's what the bow
and
I don't know I think something about San
Carlos to when you know that this is
Indian land it's kind of like a special
like a special feeling connected to it
for me did yeah it was like and I'd come
to find out that in that Canyon there
there's there's these caves down there
that there's a mummified body in there
apparently and it's there's three
different levels to the cave there's
arrows in there there's to this day
right now right yeah that was the story
about a mile down for more I said it
felt like it sounded like the wind was
moaning why don't you go there
apparently they have a bard up now
because there's people who steal
artifacts how getting in there so I want
to look at know amazing me but the
history of that land so I've seen an old
arrow you find an era now brought hit on
the ground from hundreds of years ago it
wouldn't that be a that'd be incredible
fuck it being I found a broad head a
little Flint broad head in sobota
yeah but I've I mean I don't know if
anybody's ever found one with an arrow
yeah that's apparently there's 25 or 27
arrows in there whoa I know incredible
so it's like take a picture there is a
there is definitely a connection and
then it just feels different to me there
and it's like and it's like I feel so
much I feel honored to hunt there with
the Apache the guys from the reservation
that's also a place where very few
people get to be so you know that when
you're there you're sharing the land
with very few people so you you kind of
feel like super lucky I do
yeah I never I never thought I'd ever be
I mean everybody knows their giant Bulls
there what how could I ever be the guy
who guys aren't there it's like never
never thought that would happen but it's
a Posey shot there this year is insane
yeah they're so big it's big old bull
like the hardest part with that hunt is
like you could go there you could kill a
able if you just wanted to kill a bull
it would you could make it happen but
killing a big old bull is hard
that's the heart that's hard anymore but
but there it's uh and then that if
you're killing an old bull there it's
gonna be giant I mean they're just
special animals incredible now this is
because they're supposed to be two
different kinds of elk right that there
was a Rocky Mountain Elk and he
Yellowstone elk
that's just I've heard it's a
gentlemen's name that he hunts at the
Deseret and he also hunts down there
Oh Steve Johnson yes yeah he was
explaining this to me yeah that there is
the the Yellowstone elk was a larger
breed of elk it makes sense there are
larger antlers and you see them in the
Gila you see them in New Mexico and that
that area in particular in San Carlos
yeah has a bunch of those elk yeah well
I also think that that's what's in to
hone ranch oh really
yeah that's why they're so big well
those are giant - yeah it's also you
know they don't have a winter like they
do yeah and in the mountains of like
Utah Colorado right yeah where they got
to survive the winter months I'm gonna
take my wife and kids next year I want
them just experience the rut I want the
whole come with to hear the bowls just
to hear just because it's soaked and
just see them look like I don't know I
mean maybe I'll take them with me to
Utah and I'll take a day off hunting
yeah and just just have a star go with
me yeah come with me I just want you
guys to experience it it's like when we
were heading into that timber like where
that first bull was in the shade and the
shadows I mean those Sat I'd swear it to
the video
it sounded like monsters down demons
yeah we're saying imagine being the
pioneers and you know you you well you
got there maybe in fuckin June or
something like that yeah and
everything's quiet yeah then all sudden
a couple months later here yeah you
would know what the fuck is that
yeah must have taken a while before they
realized it was the elk that were doing
that it must it was I mean in a sound of
like they were so loud we sound like we
should have seen them way before we did
Bryan do you remember that huh they were
so far away it sounds like they're right
there but it's just because it's so loud
in the echo through the canyon oh god it
was so fun I would give anything to see
what it must have been like to have
crossed
America back in the Lewis and Clark days
when it was totally undeveloped and you
know you just run into the the tribes of
Native Americans I would just love to
see what it was actually like with when
the wildlife was undisturbed and you
know you'd have these massive herds a
buffalo and deer where everywhere and
elk were everywhere they said when those
expeditions came across America they
just they could hunt anything yeah think
animals everywhere it was just of just a
plethora then the market hunting is what
killed that yeah crazy yeah that's all
we've come back from now and now as they
say there's more big-game animals now
than there was a hundred years ago which
would be after that yeah yeah it's just
it would have been amazing to see what
it looked like though yeah yeah I mean
that's kind of what we're that's why you
go over the next ridge yeah every time
yeah let's let's keep going I made that
morning early oh no it's the morning I
killed but yeah it's like over the next
ridge kept us going kept us going it
sounded like there's Bulls going crazy
over the next ridge fine with that shot
that you guys got to of that bull coming
up to you yeah coming screaming up the
hill that big ole ole man yeah ten yards
that's so crazy dump them that close is
such an enormous animal - yeah ya know
and that was that that was Rianna did a
great job filming that she did yeah I'm
dead and then her video that she showed
us of that giant oval she shot and that
was a public land bull yeah yeah big
bull night no big old giant yeah and his
footage which she's on her knees and
this thing is like coming by her like
looked like it was like 15 16 yards it
was really close right yeah yeah and she
shot mid bugle yeah yeah it's just so so
happy for her because like I told her
there's not many women I know of that
have went on public land and killed
Bulls like that with a bow I mean that
just doesn't happen right I mean is a
made amazing accomplishment yeah it's
like another degree harder than it is
for men because just the physical
difficulty you the strength that you
have to have to be able to maneuver your
way through the woods like that
especially Iraq with I mean she packed
it out too so she's got a hundred pounds
on her back a lot of
guys can't do that yeah she's and then
she's worked up to Bill to shoot 60
pounds with her bow that's very
impressive for a girl yeah yeah she's
she's strong she works hard she's got a
great attitude and man I love seeing her
be successful
ya know she's it's cool to see someone
who's legitimately dedicated to it
because you know we've talked about this
before there's things that are happening
right now where people are getting into
certain activities when you're a woman
because it gets you a lot of attention
because if you're a hot woman and you
shoot a gun in a bikini yeah out of
people gonna pay attention to you if
you're a hot woman and you go bow
hunting a lot of people gonna pay
attention to you yeah but it doesn't
mean that they're not legit and in her
case she's 100% legit yeah it's cool to
see I know it's nice to see it be all
real no I know I told her she makes
these cooking videos I'm like God if you
just want some view just do that in a
bikini do the same thing it's like what
are you trying to do here she's like no
I'm gonna do it the right way yeah I
give her a bad time at I totally respect
her why she because if I was a girl I'd
be a whore I would have like a fucking
glittery bikini on everywhere you've
been walking around camp and your
panties
100% I'm doing my toes at the table with
everybody I'd be a ho if I was a girl
yeah camp full of a hundred dudes boy
yeah boys time to get some attention
yeah all right you know for women
because like they they want a certain
amount of attention but you got to be
careful on how you get it yeah is that
people don't respect you I know and
that's does a great job with that yeah
it's a different game though than with
men I know
no men don't have that let struggle the
balance struggle of people respecting
you but also being attracted to you it's
like four girls like they have to they
even have to be careful with how they
dress you know you dress a certain way
you look great certainly you look hot
more over the edge now you're a whore
yeah no no it's like no got this like a
cutoff we're yeah it's a sweet spot
there's a sweet spot with ladies that's
hard to find that sweet spot man yeah
Tony killed a good bowl there
here - yes she did or we got that yeah
yeah and a good luck
yeah he's another one the Tiffany Lee
they're great people yeah it's also cool
to have met them you know - I feel just
really fortunate to be able to be
friends with all these people that I
know are these like really
world-renowned experienced hunters you
know you I can learn so much like I said
it's like just being friends with you
and Dudley it's cut down my learning
curve by decades
you know just it's there's no I mean if
the comparison would be like learning
basketball from Michael Jordan or
something like that yeah if you wanted
to learn like he's not gonna show you
how to play basketball the beautiful
thing about hunting is and one of the
coolest things about you guys is
everyone's so open about information
yeah it's not no it's not thought of as
a competitions everybody's looking to
get and hunters are so maligned and sort
of like misunderstood by society that a
lot of people that are hunters are
really excited for any new person to get
into it yeah and look at it correct no
it's huge it's big I mean I used to not
tell anybody anything like that like
even my buddy used to say he'd give me a
bad time because I wouldn't tell anybody
were hunted I wouldn't I was like so
protective he'd be like he called me Mac
because he's like you don't even want to
go by your real name it's your name
backwards is her code name and so he'd
call me Mac because I was so secretive
on everything so I've been where I'm not
helping nobody help me I'm not helping
anyone that's I've been there so it's
like it but it's it feels good like I
said when you see new successful as
everything that's an interesting thing
with a lot of public land hunters right
they don't want to tell anybody their
spots no because you work hard to find
those and you work hard to find em in a
psyche it can take y'all cunning there's
not good elk hunting spots everywhere I
mean you got a bust your ass to find
good al kind and then when you find it
you're like I'm not gonna screw this up
because you tell one person and nobody
just keeps something to themselves so
you know then they say well do you mind
if I go there now you can go there then
be like well I went there but then my
brother had to count or my buddy had to
come well then they couldn't go
by themselves so then next time they and
it pretty soon there's you know if you
have a good spot like in the wilderness
it can be ruined by two other guys yep
they need all two people and so on and
so it's like it's it's really hard
public land is it's it's you won't got
to protect it I love that show the
Western hunter with Nate's AIDS yeah and
this one of the things that he documents
on the show all the time is the grind of
public land huh yeah he's always getting
he's always running into guys on
horseback that run off the animals yeah
and he deep deep deep into the
backcountry still find guys the wall
tent like fuck it's a grind he's a great
hunter he's a he's a he's a very first
person to fill me in the wilderness oh
wow Nate was it's like he had never he
wanted hunter wilderness had never done
it he knew I had done it actually no
maybe it was che a man who felt first
but then I can't remember maybe Nate was
first they were both right around 2002
but I Nate I saw him at the bow rack and
he's like man I've always wanted the
wilderness and I'm like well do you want
to film me yeah I'd love to
so he didn't know how to run a camera
but his sister was getting married on a
Friday opening day with Saturday I said
if you go to the wedding you drive to
the trailhead after the reception you
get to the trailhead at 1:00 in the
morning you walk all night 12 miles you
can be in there by first light SATA
opening day and I'll tell you where to
go and it's like on these maps and all
this you know I thought there's no way
this kids ever gonna make it so this was
how many 17 years ago he's not old now
so 17 years ago so he's probably like 20
back then early 20s and I got up opening
morning and I went up to the saddle way
deep in the wilderness and I'm like
looking where I told Nate to come from
first light comes and I look over there
and here's this guy walk in and it's him
and he made it all the way in there
drove all night packed in all in the
dark made it in there and film me it
took day six day six I killed a buck he
filmed a great job day seven I killed a
bull
and he that was his first ever with a
camera and now you see what he's doing
on Western hunter just amazing work but
one of the best shows that it really
depicts he gets it yes he gets it and he
gets the the grind as he said and the
emotion tied to it and he I think his
first bowl with the bow is when he's 13
Wow
and all he's ever done is bow hunt Wow
his whole life so that he's one of the
most I mean I respect him as much as
anybody he's just and it was just I saw
17 years ago he had it he had a thin and
he wanted to learn and he wanted to
experience it and then he's went from
there to making one bestially such a
great lesson in that that there's the
opportunity it's not easy you're going
to a wedding at 1:00 in the morning
you're gonna have to hike in yeah it's a
12 mile hike it should take you about
five or six hours but if you want to do
it yeah there it is a lot of people like
Fogg know all sorts of excuses not
welcome in I'll be there you know that
night Saturday night ya know I said I
need you there opening morning that's a
giant part of life is those
opportunities capitalizing on those
opportunities cuz a person could easily
have blown that off give me another time
maybe I'll hunt with you next year yeah
maybe you'll hunt with you and then
nothing ever happens and then you don't
get that momentum who knows and then
maybe there's no Western hunter yeah
yeah who knows I mean be this it's but
as a human being those opportunities
like that's how you build you build on
the capitalizing on those opportunities
and making it happen and then you keep
going that's the whole thing it's like
these uncomfortable moments pushing
through them having discipline and drive
getting it done when you don't want to
yeah and then go oh I know how to do
that I can do that I can grind through
this yeah I can get through it and then
that's how you build in life you just
step by step by step you keep doing it
and that's when when that happens I mean
it's happened to me in my life where
I've decided to do something and it was
really difficult but when I got through
it I go I can do it I can push through
things I think things happen it's such
an important lesson and there's probably
one of the most
lessons taking advantage it did
did you see the he did a show on ROI on
like a tribute
did you ever see I don't see that May
did is it on the Western hunter he did
it was yeah yeah I don't see that I find
it because he went with Wayne to were
released to hunt on Kodiak Island for
deer and but at the beginning of the
show he had he made he filmed one of the
coolest things is Roy and I went to the
backcountry 100 brown bear on snow off
snow machines and Roy had a cabin back
there and Nate went back there and
filmed it oh you told me that story
crazy I'm doing backcountry fixes on
busted snow yeah yeah yeah so Nate was
there for that that whole thing and he
said he's never felt like he was gonna
die more times than he did I mean it was
so much was good but it's just like a
normal backcountry in Alaska it's like
it's different up there than it is here
because there's some meat you can die so
easily and down here it's pretty tame
you know in comparison but he anyway he
got it on film
so I have that whole film and he took he
took clips of that and made a tribute to
Roy and it was pretty special
that's why should look it up that's
awesome I will cam let's wrap this up
yeah it's great to see you brother as
always thank you so much and I'm
bringing to the comedy store tonight I
can't create a comedy Mecca I can't wait
alright that's it everybody
thank you thanks brother I thank you
[Music]
[Applause]